{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
If you were to watch the news lately you would think everyone's problem have to do with someone else. Obviously, it's the governments fault. But maybe that is too generic, it's actually the Republicans fault or the Democrats fault. It's the 1%er's fault for being so greedy. Or for some, it seems like we're in the 80's again...it's Russias fault. There's always a good scapegoat when times get tough.\
\
Maybe yours is a little more personal and close to home.\'a0 For you, maybe it's how you were raised and the fact that your parents didn't do a good job, or weren't even there.\'a0 Maybe it's even worse, maybe it's not a relationship but an event that marks your life. You have a life before this event and after.\
\
No matter where you are or what you're going through, no matter what has or hasn't happened to you, I know who the real enemy is and it's probably not who you think...it's you!\'a0 That's right. If you were to look into a mirror you would see the person who is responsible for most of your hardships. The real enemy is NOT outside of us but rest inside of us.\'a0 \
\
Now before I move I want to acknowledge two truths though.\'a0 One is I don't want to minimize some of the very real pain and tragedy that may have happened in your life because of other people. There are those reading this who have suffered greatly at the hands of others. And, yet I stand by my previous statement, you are the greatest enemy you have in life. The second is this: the first truth is the best news you've read all day!\'a0 \
\
Why do I say that? Because you can't change, control, or do anything to adjust the behavior of anyone outside of yourself...trust me I have 5 kids...I've tried to control their behavior. It normally leaves me frustrated and a child or two grumbling about how I just don't understand them.\'a0 \
\
BUT, if what I'm saying is right, then you are in complete control of the greatest enemy you face. As long as you stay stuck in a belief that it is others who control your outcomes in life, the moment you start to understand where the war really is, is the moment you start to take back your power.\'a0 See, you are more powerful than you realize. You were created by a God who has empowered you in ways most of us never tap into (we'll get to more about that later ((PRAYER)) ).\'a0 \
\
But before you can tap into that power you have to first understand who the real enemy is...and it's not those people out there, but who you are in here (outside vs inside). When you start to see the war for what it really is two things happen. First, you start to fight the real enemy. It's you and for the most part only you. This is not to diminish other enemies we all have. Other people have and will continue to try and do you harm. The government is never your friend even when it claims to be. Your spouse or kids will continue to let you down. \
\
I know what some of you are thinking though, what about Satan? I always thought he was our enemy. Doesn't he go about looking for people to devour? Shouldn't I focus my efforts on defeating him? In short, no. We will get to this a little later but I just wanted to acknowledge early on that I haven't forgotten about a very real adversary we all face. But honestly, he pales in comparison to you. In fact, without you, he would never win a single battle. That's how powerful you are. \
\
Second, you realize because the enemy is you, you are now in control again of your destiny. No more waiting for the government or your spouse to change. No more focusing on past events that seems to wield a unique power over you. No, you are in control. Lastly, you realize that to fight this war you're going to need a different set of weapons. You won't be able to blame your way into a win with this enemy. It will take a whole different arsenal to defeat you...because you know you and you won't be so easily defeated. \
\
I know for some this is hard to believe. It's why we are starting here. Because until you believe the war is within, you'll continue to fight battles you can't win, being left frustrated and at a loss (word better - could be a good point).\'a0 For some, it is hard to believe this not because it isn't true, but because to admit this truth would be to admit they are responsible for the outcome of their life. It is always easier to blame others for my problems. But, nothing worth having is easy. If you want easy you can stay where you are at, fight the wrong battles, hoping someone the people you can't control, the world you can't (control not the right word), and the past you can't change will somehow lead to a win in life. But you know better. You know deep down, the battle for your future is a battle from within. \
\
We try to CONTROL EXTERNAL circumstances when what we need is to FIGHT our INTERNAL wars. \
\
What happens is because we can't fix _____________ (him, her, the economy, my boss) we medicate with other things because we feel bad. We fail like a failure on a test we were never meant to take.\
\
There is a peace that comes when you step into controlling only what you can control and leaving the rest for God. We flip the script. We want to control others behaviors and outcomes and live as if we can't change our own behavior. There is such a disconnect with this.\
\
\
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
\
Have you ever been ambushed? Maybe it was a conversation that went from pleasant to angry or awkward real quick. It can be relational. You were married and thought everything was great until one day she walked in and told you she didn't love you anymore. Maybe it was economic, where you thought you were doing ok financially and then credit card bill came and you don't know how it got so big. Or maybe it was everything. You walked through a season where it seems like circumstance after circumstance keeps knocking us down. We don't know why everything is happening the way it is, we just feel helpless to do anything about it. \
\
Can you relate? Of course you can. If you're alive you had at least one of those things happen to you...maybe this week. And it's in these moments that we can feel helpless to do anything about it. If they would just come back, if you just had more money, if that person would just stop, then you would be ok...until the next problem comes your way. Because that is the real issue isn't it. It seems like life is a series of disappointments, discouragements, and disagreements with those we love. \
\
I heard someone say that at any moment we are either walking into a storm, walking through a storm, or walking out of a storm. And so even IF you could fix that really big issue in your life and you could walk out of that storm for good, it just means you are getting ready to walk into the next one. So does that mean that you are destined to be miserable, always fighting battles, and never seemingly able to get ahead? The answer is no, there is hope. If you haven't figured it out yet, that's the point of this book. You can live life in such a way as to be have peace no matter what is happening around you. \
\
Funny thing about storms and water. If you are in boat, the water and storm around the ship isn't the issue. The issue is when the water gets INSIDE the boat. All the oceans in the world can surround the boat, no matter how big or small it is. The moment the water goes from outside to inside though, there is real danger of drowning. The same is true with any other storm. There is a way to sail through all the storms and all the oceans in the world and be fine. But you can be in a small lake, and if you allow the water in the lake to get into the boat, you're sunk.\
\
Keep your eyes on the horizon. This is the advice I was given by the captain as I took my 3 oldest kids on a deep sea fishing excursion. The concern was getting sea sick of course. The waves throwing a boat back and forth, up and down, can make anyone sick who isn't used to it or prepared for it. As we traveled out that day I'm grateful no of us became sick but I can't say that for everyone. Sure enough 15 minutes into the trip out to sea, there was someone hanging over the edge puking his guts out. He was sick the whole trip. To my knowledge he never dropped a line in the water to fish. He just bobbed up and down, throwing up every so often feeling miserable.\'a0 \
\
Keep your eyes on the horizon. Why would that help though? This guy was in the back of the boat and really couldn't do that from where he was positioned so he started out not being able to do what he was told to. But even if he could...so what? The waves would have still be there, the back and forth would have still jarred his equilibrium, he couldn't control the boat in any way at all. He was simply along for the ride. \
\
But there is something to the old captains words. Medically, when we focus on the horizon it stabilizes our posture and in turn the rest of our bodies. We are still moving with the boat and our focus is where it needs to be...on the horizon...on where we are headed not where we currently are. This small shift in focus from this moment to where we're headed has the power to relieve sickness on more than one level. \
\
This reminds me of a story in the book of Matthew, where Peter finds himself in a boat that is being tossed back and forth by a storm. I'm pretty sure Peter wasn't sick, yet, but he wasn't in an ideal situation at all. In fact they were fighting the storm all night trying to get to land. Then, in the middle of the night in the middle of the storm Jesus just shows up...walking by...on the water! It says in one of the other records of what happened that Jesus was planning on just walking by. That's just funny to me...can you imagine Jesus walking by the disciples as they are struggling to just make it, and there is Jesus walking calm and cool over the very things that were terrifying them.\
\
If the story stopped there it would be a miracle. But it doesn't. The story moves forward where Peter asks to be called out to walk on the water too. What a bold request. So he does...for a few moments. He walks on the water and does something no other human to my understand has ever done before and since then...to walk on water. To ignore the reality that we are all held captive to and simply follow Jesus.\
\
}