{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Don\'92t feed the alligators in your life.\
\
Maybe they aren\'92t alligators though\'85maybe you call them puppies or sugar or your little secret that no one knows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Whatever you call them, we\'92ve become too comfortable with things that can kill us! 
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 There's a movie i loved growing up called Lake Placid. It's about huge alligator that kill people...probably not the best movie to watch but it is good popcorn entertainment if you're into that sort of thing. The main characters spend all of their time trying to kill the monster gator and eventually are successful.\'a0 They have rid lake placid of the alligator problem and now there will be peace for all those who live in the area. \
\
It's a peaceful ending...until you get to the final scene. The final shot is of the sweet old lady who was feeding the original alligator monster in the beginning. We see her sitting on her dock with playful reggae music being\'a0 played in the background. She is throwing small pieces of bread into the water as she calls her 'cute little buttons' to feed and nibble on her toes. You see several little gators head pop up to feed from their 'momma'. It is setting up what will be several sequels for the series. The story, will eventually repeat itself.\
\
This movie ending is an analogy of what I see played every single day. People who spent weeks, months, or even years fighting and winning a war over some issue. They have won and are walking in freedom, only to start to play around with an alligator. The lies start to creep back in that you can handle it, that you would never go back, that you just want to be tempted a little bit and then you'll move on. \
\
But this story has as predictable of an outcome as the ending of Lake Placid. It's not a matter of if those gators will get you, it's only a matter of time.\
\
So as we wrap up this book I want to encourage you to kill what is before you. Don't fall back into the lies we are tempted to believe about temptation. Don't in any way go back into any old habits that have predicable ending. Kill the alligators. Finish them off. Don't look back and start to walk in real freedom that is found in Jesus Christ.\
\
So remember the game plan. Change the Rules, Change the Game, and you'll eventually Change the outcome.\
\
And whatever you do...don't feed the alligators.\
\
}