{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red11\green29\blue198;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c4866\c21934\c81717;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
$130 Billion.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 That\'92s the size of the global influencer marketing industry. Entire platforms like Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube are built on one simple, devastating premise: if you can see someone else\'92s life looking better than yours, you\'92ll want it.\
And it works.\
Scrolling your feed feels like flipping through a catalog of everything you don\'92t have. Someone else is more attractive, more successful, more adventurous. Their kids seem happier, their spouse more romantic, their vacations more exotic, their home more perfect.\
What you feel in that moment \'97 that restless mix of longing, dissatisfaction, and resentment \'97 has a name.\
ENVY.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 NAMING THE ALLIGATOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 Envy is one of the most dangerous alligators you will ever feed because it almost never shows up on our radar.\
Think about it. People will admit to anger, lust, greed, pride, even gluttony. But envy? Almost never.\
Yet envy is everywhere:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you secretly celebrate someone else\'92s failure.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When another person\'92s success makes you feel smaller.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you resent that God gave them an opportunity you wanted.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you lose joy because they got what you prayed for.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Proverbs 14:30 puts it bluntly:\
\'93A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones.\'94\
Envy doesn\'92t just sting. It rots you from the inside out. It corrodes joy, poisons friendships, and blinds you to the blessings already in your life.\

\f0\b Envy is the alligator under the water. At first you feed it scraps \'97 a thought, a glance, a small comparison. It seems harmless. But over time it grows teeth sharp enough to devour marriages, friendships, ministries, and faith.\
(sit here longer and do this for each chapter)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 REDEFINING \'93SUCCESS\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 Before we deal with envy directly, we need to confront how we define success.\
Most people don\'92t think they\'92re envious because they don\'92t see themselves as unsuccessful. But envy isn\'92t about whether you win or lose \'97 it\'92s about 
\f2\i how you measure success
\f1\i0 .\
So let me ask: how do you define success?\
For many, success is climbing higher than others. More recognition. More applause. More being seen. But if success is being \'93better\'94 than someone else, envy will always haunt you.\
Because someone will 
\f2\i always
\f1\i0  be smarter, stronger, richer, funnier, more talented, more liked. Always.\
That\'92s why Scripture redefines success. Success isn\'92t about comparison; it\'92s about faithfulness.\
Paul says it this way:\
\'93Now it is required that those who have been given a trust must prove faithful.\'94 (1 Corinthians 4:2)\

\f0\b Faithful, not famous.\
\cf4 Illustration of my job is to faithful not successful\
\cf0 In Jesus\'92 parable of the talents, one servant doubled five talents, another doubled two. Both heard the 
\f3\i same words
\f0\i0 :\
\'93Well done, good and faithful servant.\'94\
God doesn\'92t compare your two with someone else\'92s five. He looks at your faithfulness with what He\'92s placed in your hands. (use this in the story part)
\f1\b0 \
Until you redefine success as faithfulness, envy will keep growing unchecked.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 THE \'93NEVER ENOUGH\'94 SIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 At its core envy whispers: 
\f2\i \'93What I have is not enough because what they have looks better.\'94
\f1\i0 \
Envy is different from greed. Greed says, \'93I want more.\'94 Envy says, \'93I don\'92t want you to have what you have.\'94\
It\'92s not only about possessions but about attention, affirmation, opportunities, and recognition.\
Ecclesiastes 4:4 cuts to the chase:\
\'93And I saw that all toil and all achievement spring from one person\'92s envy of another. This too is meaningless, a chasing after the wind.\'94\
Envy never satisfies. The moment you catch up to one person, someone else pulls ahead. The treadmill never stops.\
The Bible is littered with people who fed this alligator until it consumed them:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cain envied Abel\'92s offering 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  and murdered him.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Joseph\'92s brothers envied his favor 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  and sold him into slavery.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Saul envied David\'92s victories 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  and spent his final years in bitterness.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Pharisees envied Jesus\'92 influence 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  and handed Him over to be crucified.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Envy promises satisfaction. It always delivers destruction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 THE CATALYST: COMPARISON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 If greed grows out of fear, envy grows out of comparison.\

\f0\b Comparison is the soil envy thrives in. Social media has monetized it. Advertising has weaponized it. Culture has normalized it.\

\f1\b0 Here\'92s how it plays out:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You see someone else\'92s blessing.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instead of celebrating, you start calculating.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Their success becomes a mirror for your failure.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Joy leaks out. Envy slithers in.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Comparison blinds you. You stop seeing what God has done 
\f2\i for you
\f1\i0  and only notice what He has done 
\f2\i for them
\f1\i0 .\
Paul warns us:\
\'93When they measure themselves by themselves and compare themselves with themselves, they are not wise.\'94 (2 Corinthians 10:12)\
Comparison doesn\'92t just make you unhappy. It makes you unwise.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf4 Illustration of the pastor who I love and think the world of and was tempted to be envious of.\

\f1\i0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 THE FACES OF ENVY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 Like greed, envy wears different masks. Let\'92s unmask them:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
RESENTMENT
\f1\b0  \'96 You grow bitter instead of rejoicing in someone\'92s blessing.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SABOTAGE
\f1\b0  \'96 You gossip or undermine to pull them down.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FALSE HUMILITY
\f1\b0  \'96 You downplay yourself, not out of humility but to fish for affirmation.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JOYLESSNESS
\f1\b0  \'96 Romans 12:15 says rejoice with those who rejoice, but envy makes that impossible.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OBSESSIVE COMPETITIVENESS
\f1\b0  \'96 Life becomes a scorecard. If someone else wins, you feel like you lose.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SELF-PITY
\f1\b0  \'96 Envy turned inward becomes despair: \'93God forgot me. Life isn\'92t fair.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Insert a personal story of envy damaging a friendship or ministry relationship.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 BIBLICAL NARRATIVES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 Scripture doesn\'92t hide envy\'92s devastation:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cain & Abel (Genesis 4):
\f1\b0  Envy led to the first murder.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Joseph\'92s Brothers (Genesis 37):
\f1\b0  Envy fractured a family for decades.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Saul & David (1 Samuel 18):
\f1\b0  Envy consumed a king\'92s legacy.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pharisees (Matthew 27:18):
\f1\b0  Envy nailed Jesus to a cross.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The pattern is always the same: envy begins small. It ends deadly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 \strike \strikec0 MODERN CASE STUDIES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 \strikec0 Envy isn\'92t just ancient history. It\'92s everywhere today:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strikec0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Social Media:
\f1\b0  Instagram fuels anxiety and depression through curated comparison.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Workplace:
\f1\b0  Promotions spark jealousy more often than celebration.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Neighborhoods:
\f1\b0  \'93Keeping up with the Joneses\'94 drives consumer debt.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Churches:
\f1\b0  Leaders compare influence, size, or platform, forgetting the kingdom isn\'92t a competition.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \strikec0 (Insert your own ministry story here about envy creeping in.)
\f1\i0 \strike0\striked0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 THE ANTIDOTE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 How do we kill this alligator?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GRATITUDE
\f1\b0  \'96 Shifts your eyes from what you lack to what you have. 
\f2\i \'93Give thanks in all circumstances.\'94
\f1\i0  (1 Thessalonians 5:18)\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CELEBRATION
\f1\b0  \'96 Rejoice with others out loud. It starves envy.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CONTENTMENT
\f1\b0  \'96 Paul said, 
\f2\i \'93I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances.\'94
\f1\i0  (Philippians 4:11) Contentment is learned by trusting God\'92s provision.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GENEROSITY OF SPIRIT
\f1\b0  \'96 Bless instead of resent. Pray for others\'92 success. Speak life into them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 CLOSING WORD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 Envy is subtle, slippery, and destructive. It rarely announces itself, but it always grows when fed.\
Comparison is its soil. Dissatisfaction is its fertilizer. Bitterness is its fruit.\
But Jesus calls us to a different way: gratitude, contentment, and celebration. To trust that His story for your life is good, even if it looks different than someone else\'92s.\
Don\'92t feed the alligator of envy. Starve it with gratitude. Kill it with celebration. Replace it with contentment in Christ.\
Because envy rots the bones \'97 but a heart at peace gives life.\
}