{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 After you realize that it isn't out there that needs to be worked on, it is tempting to shift our focus onto what we do. This seems like a great idea. Control what you can control and leave the rest of to God. Make sure you worry about you boo!\
\
On the surface this looks great and makes perfect sense. If you can't control what others do then surely our goal should be to control we do. There's only one problem with that. You're not really good at that. You do have some amount of control over what you do but not as much as you'd like to admit if you were being honest.\
\
Paul talks about this in his letter to Rome. In chapter X he tells us that he doesn't do what he wants and does what he doesn't? Can you relate? Everyone struggles with our behaviors. We struggle to:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Say the right things and be polite to others even when we're mad\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Apologize to those we have wronged\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Eat healthy, exercise and take care of our bodies God has given us\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Spend money wisely and not compulsively\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not humble brag about our latest achievement on social media\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stretch the truth to make things sound better than it really was\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
All of us live our Paul's words probably daily. I'm no different\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 The B Word ::
\f0\b0 \
\
I couldn't believe I said it. It was one of the worst things I could speak to my wife. We were in an argument and it just slipped out...the B word. Now before you put down the book I need to give some back story. Lisa and I had been married for a little while now and I knew what to say to push her buttons.\
\
Normally I'm pretty controlled in what I say and don't say but this fight was different. I was angry and wanted to play a little dirty to really show her. A few months earlier she had told there was one word I had used in the past that really bothered her when we fought and it was this word...the word she asked me to never say to her again...BITTER.\
\
Yep, that's the B word in our household. What B word were you thinking of? For Lisa, it's pretty much the worst thing I can call her. This is a bunch of history behind why i shouldn't say it. I had told her I wouldn't use it again but it slipped through. I had spent several months fighting off the urges and controlling my tongue like the Bible tells me to. But this night..it just sort of slipped through the filter.\
\
And that is what we all have to control our behaviors. Filters. We know what we should do and shouldn't do. We do our best to control those urges and desires to say or do something we know deep down we shouldn't...until it slips through. \
\
Yours may not be how you talk but what you eat or drink. It could be what you look at when no is watching you. It could be a behavior you know is wrong but every now and then you give in. You are not even sure why because you don't really want to do it. But you do.\
\
\

\f1\b Jesus goes low ::
\f0\b0 \
\
There is a story in the book of Matthew 15 where Jesus makes an incredible incite into what we struggle and where we should focus our attention. Up this point (give some backstory to the story).\
\
So Jesus says this:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 \super 16\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Are you still so dull?\'94\'a0Jesus asked them.\'a0
\f1\b\fs20 \super 17\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Don\'92t you see that whatever enters the mouth goes into the stomach and then out of the body?\'a0
\f1\b\fs20 \super 18\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub But the things that come out of a person\'92s mouth come from the heart,\'a0and these defile them.\'a0
\f1\b\fs20 \super 19\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub For out of the heart come evil thoughts\'97murder, adultery, sexual immorality, theft, false testimony, slander.\'a0
\f1\b\fs20 \super 20\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub These are what defile a person;\'a0but eating with unwashed hands does not defile them.\'94\
\
Jesus essentially says the Pharisees have it all wrong. They are focused on keeping the external clean. Making sure everything looks good on the outside. The problem is what is on the inside eventually is going to slip through the filter and come out. \
\
If I were to look back at what I said to Lisa, it was a heart problem. I wanted to win an argument more than I wanted to honor my wife. I wanted to get even and make sure I took her down in the process. It would have been easy in the moment to apologize and act like I wasn't sure where that came from. But I knew, she knew. It was my heart. Because of my heart comes the things I say.\
\
Thankfully that is no longer and issue in our marriage but it isn't because I have a new and improved 2.0 filter to protect her from all the things I wish I could say. It's because over the years I've worked on that area of my life. I do absolutely have filters, there's nothing wrong with them, but I no longer rely on those to protect me.\
\
\
(I tried to control my behavior instead of all God to heal my heart...there i's a huge difference!)\
\
I even thought to myself "Where did that come from?"...but I knew. I knew exactly where it came from...my heart.\'a0 \
\
Let me tell you what this book won't be about. It won't be about a bunch of behaviors that you should or should not do. This is religion and is the exact opposite of what we are looking for. We are looking to help transform our hearts and minds so not only do our behaviors change but also our desires.\
\
\
\
Concept of 'where did that come from'...inside of your heart.\
\
Romans 12:1,2\
Jesus and where our sin comes from - what comes out of us not into us.\
Guard your heart for out of it is the wellspring of life\
\
\'a0We want to be different without behaving different but what separates us from others is not our gifting but our preparation.\'a0\
I like the tension between be and behave or be-have. What do you be-having (country style slang there)?\
}