{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red150\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c60472\c13429\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
{\info
{\author Nic}}\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 SYMPTOMS vs DISEASES\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
I had a friend one day at work get frustrated with our bosses ineptitude to address an employee. The leaderships solution was half hearted and naive at best. He looked at me and said, "It's like putting a bandaid on cancer!". It was true, the issue was never really addressed, and the company suffered more than it should.\
\
That image always stuck with me. Putting a bandaid on cancer may cover it up what you see, but it doesn't change what's going on. It may even make you feel better in the moment, but it won't heal anything long term. It may even cure the patch of skin that was a problem, but we all know there is still something lurking inside of the body that will eventually come up again.\
\
If all you do is deal with the symptoms your body is going through you'll never get rid of the disease. This may seem obvious but - we should be treating the disease and not the symptoms. If all you do is put a bandaid on cancer, eventually it will kill you. The only way to heal from cancer is to deal with it directly and make sure you get it all.\
\
As a culture there are not many who play around with cancer because we know how deadly it is. But what we intuitively get when it comes to 
\f0\b physical
\f1\b0  
\f0\b health
\f1\b0  we miss it when it comes to 
\f0\b emotional
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b spiritual
\f1\b0  
\f0\b health
\f1\b0 . \
\
So what does it look like to spiritually treat the symptoms and not the disease? (need better examples)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It's the person who has a problem with greed but thinks if they just get on a budget they'll be ok.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It's the person who has a problem with lust but thinks it is a porn or sex issue\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It's the person who has a problem with laziness but believes if they can just find the right schedule or hustle more they'll be good\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It's the person who has a problem with gluttony but thinks if they can find the right diet then they'll be ok\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Maybe that is what you've been doing. Maybe you never thought about it like this. Maybe, if you can shift to dealing with the diseases in your life instead of the symptoms you can start to see real growth. \
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs48 WHY vs WHAT\

\f1\b0\fs28 \
But how do you know which is which? How can you tell if what you are fighting is a symptom or a disease? \
\
It's easier than you might think. \
\
It's as simple as separating 
\f0\b WHAT
\f1\b0  you do from 
\f0\b WHY
\f1\b0  you do it. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Think about it, the person who struggles with credit card debt spends more money than they make...but why? We live in a country and a time where we have more than any other generation ever to live. The cheapest new car you can buy today is light years ahead of the cars from 100 years ago and don't get me started on the fact that we HAVE CARS!!!!\
\
Or the person who has some type of addiction. Maybe they struggles with pornography and continue to look and look at more and more images only feeling full or content for a few moments at a time, then pursuing something more, something new, something they haven't seen yet. But why? What is that drive that is in them to do that and where does it come from. Simply putting a filter on a phone or computer might stop a behavior for a time period but there is still this desire that hasn't been dealt with.\
\
Or maybe you're the person who continually is looking for what's next and never 
\f2\i feeling
\f1\i0  satisfied. You go from relationship to relationship...and then sometimes back to an old relationship hoping it will be different this time. Maybe you hop from job to job always thinking it is the job. Thinking it is 
\f0\b WHAT
\f1\b0  you are doing and never stepping back and asking a deeper question about 
\f0\b WHY
\f1\b0  we work.\
\
Why do we stay stuck though? What is holding us back? We focus on WHAT instead of WHY? We believe that if we can just change WHAT we do then we'll be able to move forward and be healthier, happier, and more whole.\
\
But if we do not deal with the deeper issue of WHY, we simply give up one bad habit and find another, we swap one addiction for another, we go from one bad relationship to the next. It's the person who gives up smoking only to develop a deeper taste for food and becomes addicted to food. They might be a little healthier but they are still stuck. 
\f0\b Stuck in a pattern they can't seem to get out of because of a disease they can't see.\

\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 YOU WERE MADE TO WORSHIP\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f0\b WHY
\f1\b0  can't we just change behaviors? This may be the point where some of you are tempted to checkout but please stick with me for a second. 
\f0\b You were made to worship
\f1\b0 . You were created by an All-Powerful God who designed you in such a way that you will worship something or someone whether you want to or not.\
\
Don't believe me? I get it...this is a stretch for some but let me try to explain.\
\
Have you ever seen someone who Monday through Friday appear to be very normal acting mature adults. Only to transition into a crazed fan who paint their face, memorize chants, and scream at the top of their lungs at a tv while watching other grown men and women play a game. From the outside it seems crazy but to that person, it's what they love, it's what they do, it's who they are. They're a fan and they're not ashamed of it. Whether they know it or not, they are worshiping at the alter of the NCAA, NFL, MLB, NBA, or even their kids soccer game sometimes.\
\
And when I say someone, who I mean is me. I'm the crazed fan who yells at the tv at the top of his lungs so loudly that I've had a hard time preaching the next day because I lost my voice. I'm the person who has had their night ruined because a group of well meaning college players lost a game hundreds of miles away from me. I'm the one who says weird things like "We lost tonight or We won tonight" even though I've never played college football or attended the great university of Notre Dame. I say 'we' because I feel connected, I feel a part of it, I want to be associated and tied to it. Someone, it me.\
\
And someone is you too. You worship all the time without realizing it. There's a good chance you may not care about how Notre Dame plays in a random college football game. But you worship something. There is something all of us have in our lives that drives us.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Being seen as important or successful is so important we go into debt for a house or car we can't afford\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}(need some great examples here)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I've seen parents loose it while watching their 8 year old play soccer (that one might be me also :( )\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Wanna know what you worship? There are a few questions that may help you uncover it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is it that makes you angry when you don't get it\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is it you feel you can't live without? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Is there a craving or desire that no matter how many times you fulfill it, you feel empty afterwards?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is the most important thing in your life right now? Kids, spouse, career?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}(need a few more questions)\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b\fs48 JESUS AND WORSHIP\

\f1\b0\fs28 \
There is a story in the Gospel of Mark where some religious leaders asked Jesus a very important question.  In the 12th chapter one of the religious leaders asked Him "What is the most important commandment?". This may not seem like a hard question to answer but at that point in the nation of Israel there were 633 commands to live by. That's a lot to keep track of. There were rules and regulations for anything and everything in a persons life. And every one of them felt important because for the religious person every one of them were from God.\
\
It would have been easy for Jesus to say "All of them". If God said it, that settles it. They're all God's word, they're all important, you should follow all of them. If it wasn't important to God then He wouldn't have had it written down. \
\
But that's not what Jesus does. He looks at all of the Old Testament writings.  He scans all 39 books that cover 929 chapters and says there is one thing that is more important than everything else. He said it this way:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Mark 12\
29\'a0\'93The most important one,\'94 answered Jesus, \'93is this:...30\'a0Love the Lord your God with 
\f0\b all your heart
\f1\b0  and with 
\f0\b all your soul
\f1\b0  and with 
\f0\b all your mind
\f1\b0  and with 
\f0\b all your strength
\f1\b0 .\'92 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
If that isn't a definition of worship then I don't know what is. Jesus says that our hearts, souls, minds, and strength should all be put into worship God. If this is done then the rest of the commands that we struggle with all fall into place.\
\
Essentially what Jesus is doing is separating the symptoms from the disease. The thing that has your heart is what you are tempted to worship. The thing you think about constantly is what you are tempted to worship. Where you put your energy and strength is what you may be tempted to worship. \
\
For Jesus, if you get worship right, the rest will fall into place. And to get worship right, you should worship The Lord God.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs48 THE SELFISH GOD\

\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 God's command to worship Him along on the surface can seem selfish but it's not...it's freeing. He is the only thing that will set your heart on fire permanently. He is the only thing that will fulfill all of your desires. He is worthy or worth worshiping.\
\
\
\
\
\
Sin, is spiritual cancer. And just like there are different types of cancers there different types of sin.\
\
Symptoms are different than the disease. \
\
\
So when we're told we have cancer we want it all removed. We're willing to go through painful surgeries, take harsh drugs, and even go on extreme diets in an effort to completely heal our bodies. \
\
But when we're told we have a spiritual cancer in the form of sin, we tend to want to do the bare minimum. We'll tweak our marriage if we have to, we'll put ourselves on a budget financially, we'll try to do better and be nicer to those around us. \
\
\
\
\
\
You can take each of those topics and see we no longer deal with the deeper issues, we just deal with the symptoms. \
\
The problems our culture struggles with are the same that the first church struggled with. But in today's church there is an emphasis on the \
\
If you don't know what they are that's ok...I didn't for years. But what I have discovered is these 7 tend to \
\
\
\
Bandaid on cancer illustration.\
\
There are hundreds of books on marraige...only a few on the issue of lust.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 SIN OR STRUGGLE (mistake???)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
Now this is where I may loose a few of you but I'm hoping you'll stick with no matter what you call it. But, I think it's important \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\
SEVEN\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
If you show up to any alligator feeding pin you'll see dozens if not hundreds of alligators. But there are always a few that stand out. They are the old ones, the wise ones, the ones that have survived the longest and ate the best. Those are the ones that even have names...names like Fred.\
\
As we navigate a world full of alligators we're tempted to feed, I want us to focus on a specific few. And not just any random few. The deep seeded ones that like the alligators, have been around for thousands of years. These are the issues that are deep seeded. The root causes of so many of our problems. In fact, almost every issue you struggle with can be traced back to just a small few. \
\
(1)Evagrius Ponticus was a monk in the fourth century who first highlight these. He referred to them as the "eight evil thoughts".  In his mind there were deep seated thoughts that ultimately lead to all of the problems that show up in our lives and if we could just deal with these eight then we would be able to get rid of a lot of pain and suffering in our worlds.\
\
What were evil eight? Gluttony, lust, avarice, anger, sloth, sadness, vainglory, and pride. \
\
If you're like me you might have to look a few of those words up. But don't worry, over time a few were tweaked, combined, renamed, rebranded and eventually named "The 7 Deadly Sins". \
\
And while the list has changed the updated list goes something like this:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Lust \
{\listtext	2.	}Gluttony\
{\listtext	3.	}Greed\
{\listtext	4.	}Sloth\
{\listtext	5.	}Wrath\
{\listtext	6.	}Envy\
{\listtext	7.	}Pride\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
CITATIONS:\
\
1 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.history.com/news/seven-deadly-sins-origins"}}{\fldrslt https://www.history.com/news/seven-deadly-sins-origins}}}