{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
A while ago my family and I were vacationing in Florida.\'a0 I grew up there and so was excited to go back and bring the family.\'a0 It was a great trip and we did so many things from my past like shopping at Flea Markets and visiting places like Sea World.\'a0 But as we were relaxing one night, there was sign across the street from our condo that read "FEED AND HOLD LIVE GATORS - NOW HIRING".\'a0 \
\
My first thought was maybe they were hiring because their employees were handling live alligators.\'a0 I blew it off but on our last night there my wife and I went and visited this place with our kids.\'a0 Sure enough, live gators in a small area you could feed...for a price of course.\'a0 Now these were little baby gators, only a foot or two long.\'a0 I guess maybe the thought was the worse they could do is mangle a finger. They were still pretty intimidating though. \'a0For someone who didn't live in Florida anymore, alligators didn't seem like something to play around with. So what did we do? We paid some money and fed the alligators. Because that is what we do, even when it feels off, when it feels contrary to logic or common sense, we still feed the alligators.\
\
The more I thought it about it made sense. People who don\'92t live in Florida like the idea of playing some prehistoric small sized baby dinosaur. There is a little thrill we get without any real danger. We can stand comfortably outside the area and throw our little bits of food into the area and ooh and ahh.\'a0\
\
But people who live in Florida are used to the danger of an alligator. \'a0Over time of seeing them constantly, they get used it. \'a0It\'92s not new, it\'92s not exciting, it's honestly not a big deal.\'a0 There are even stories and video of golfers who will play on the same hole as an alligator and just stay a few feet away.\'a0 \
\
I'm sorry, I love golf.\'a0 But if you and I are ever on the golf course and there's a gator...we're skipping that hole...I'll take the penalty stroke.\
\
That isn't always what happens though. \'a0Some golfers become comfortable with the gator.\'a0 Maybe they even name him. Give him a name like Fred. \'a0And when Fred comes onto the course it's no big deal. They\'92ve seen Fred, they know Fred, you can even feed Fred if you\'92re feeling good. Think I'm taking this too far?\'a0 There are signs in Florida all over that clearly state - "Do not feed the alligators".\'a0 Florida even has laws that fine people because apparently, it's an issue down there.\'a0\
\

\f1\b We ignore the SIGNS because we don't take it SERIOUSLY. \

\f0\b0 \
What's the worst that can happen feeding a little gator a little food every now and then.\
\
The problem with feeding an alligator? It only takes one bad moment with a gator to change your life forever.\'a0 One bite, one misstep, one mistake and it's all over.\'a0 It's not hard to imagine what a 500 pound gator could do to you if it ever had the chance. And yet, people still feed the alligators.\'a0 They name them and get way too comfortable, only to regret it after it's too late.\'a0\
\
A few years ago there was even a tragic story of a young child who was killed by an alligator in a park where everyone thought they were safe (not sure I want to use this or not)\
\
My advice to you, even if there are no laws or signs telling you to not, whatever you do, DON'T FEED THE ALLIGATORS!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 I WOULD NEVER DO THAT
\f0\b0\fs30 \
\
Maybe you're reading this thinking to yourself, "I would never do that, that's insane!\'94. \'a0I'm very cautious, I'm not a risk taker at all. If anything I wear two seat belts when driving if I could. This doesn't apply to me.\
\
But, almost weekly I have meetings with people who feed and become way too comfortable with an alligator in their life only to be bitten by it and they need help. \'a0No, they didn\'92t feed the big scary dinosaurs that still walk on our earth.\'a0 No they feed the small, manageable, alligators in the form of things like greed, lust, envy, or pride. \'a0When it started it was just a thought they entertained for a few moments. It was just a glance. It was just one night or one party or one hit or one _______________ (you fill in the blank).\
\
The reason they didn't take seriously? At first they could manage it, control it, feed it only when they wanted to. \
\
By the time they are sitting across from me though, it\'92s no longer small and normally it\'92s bitten them. They are hurt and wounded seeking help, because 
\f1\b they fed something they couldn\'92t have imagined would ever grow up and feed on them
\f0\b0 . But it did, it always does. That\'92s what alligators do. They grow when they are fed.\'a0\
\
\

\f1\b\fs40 It\'92s not a problem...until it is.\'a0
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
You do the same thing. We all do. We all have alligators in our lives that are small we feed, believing it would never come back to bite us. It's not a problem...until it is. Until that little thing that has a name. And it\'92s probably not named Fred, but Bug Light, McDonalds, TikTok, Amazon.com, or Sarah (if your name is Sarah I apologize - I had to choose someone\'92s name).\'a0\
\
It's these small things we feed in our lives that grow into big life-stealing monsters in the form of addiction, adultery, loss of health, broken relationships, debt, and stress and anxiety.\
\
Still don\'92t think you have any gators floating around the pool?\
\
Let me ask this\'85do you find yourself saying any of these:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I can handle IT.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I don\'92t have a problem controlling IT.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}IT\'92s just a thought, I would never act on IT.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I can quit IT..whenever I want, I just don\'92t want to.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}IT doesn\'92t hurt anyone\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}IT\'92s not illegal.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}There\'92s not a verse in the Bible against IT (if you don\'92t believe in God this one may not be an issue)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Have you said or thought any of those lately? If so, you might have an alligator or two you\'92re feeding. \
\
Every one of those statements speak to the size of the issue, not to the seriousness if it were to get out of hand. If it were to bite you back. And that\'92s why we continue to feed things we know are bad for us. We look it the size. It\'92s small, cute, maybe even cuddly and we can\'92t ever imagine it growing up. \
\
So let me ask again..what are you feeding that isn't hurting you but may one day get out of hand if you don't quit feeding it?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34 \cf2 WHAT YOU FEED GROWS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf2 \
We bought a new puppy a week ago. She was 8 weeks old when we got and her. She\'92s a small black and white boxer weighing on a few pounds and we love her. But every single day we feed it, multiple times a day in fact. And already, she\'92s getting bigger. And in a few months we will not have a nine pound puppy but a 85 pound full grown boxer. Right now, I can control her, but in a few months she\'92ll be able to drag me across the yard if she wants. \
\
Why? Because what you feed grows. (no one probably highlighted that last sentence because it's so obvious). \
\

\f1\b But what's obvious many times is ignored. 
\f0\b0 In fact that's the whole point of the book. I'm pretty sure nothing I'm going to say is going to point out any new sin you've never thought about. The point is to shed light back onto the things we tend to ignore because they are so obvious.
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 \
You see, it doesn\'92t matter what IT is. If you feed IT, IT will grow...and grow...and grow. Until IT is bigger than you. Until you can no longer control IT. Until it drags you across the lawn, into divorce court, into debt, into a medical issue, into ruined relationships, into depression, into anxiety, into bitterness, or into overwhelming addiction you can no longer hide.\
\
What we feed grows, and it's only a matter of time before what you feed will get a hold of you and your life is forever changed because of it.\'a0 \
\
Whatever you do with this book, whether you finish it or not, DON'T FEED THE ALLIGATORS.\
\
\
Ecc - a little folly ruins the whole batch of character\
\
(NEED SOME SCRIPTURE IN HERE SOMEWHERE)\
}