{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialRoundedMTBold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green92\blue177;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c44706\c74902;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal-leading-zero\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid103\'01\'02;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\sub2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 CHANGE THE RULES, CHANGE THE GAME, CHANGE THE OUTCOME\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
Some years ago I was listening to a podcast and it played an old clip of James Naismith and how he invented the game of basketball. The story was that they were cold and stuck in doors and the boys were rough housing with each other so Mr. Naismith took two peach baskets and put them up one each ends of the court and told them to score by throwing the ball into the other person basket. The first game of basketball was played but some serious problems. There were no rules really and so the first game ended quickly with all the boys in a scrum in the center of the gym. The boys began tackling and punching each other. There were a few black eyes, one unconscious, and another with a dislocated shoulder. \
\
After the first match the boys wanted to keep playing but Mr. Naismith was worried they might seriously injury each other. So instead of throwing away the game he simply changed the rules. After some tweaks the next game was injury free and the rest is history. People all over the world play basketball from their backyards to the Olympics. \
\
It would have been easy for Mr. Naismith to blame the boys. Tell them they aren't mature enough or patient enough. Maybe it was how they were raised or their gift mix wasn't quite right for the game itself. He could have said that basketball just wasn't their thing and to move onto something. Maybe he could have blamed the game itself. He could have moved onto a new game thinking it was the games fault and if they came up with a new game then everything would be ok. But he didn't do any of that. He simply changed the rules of the game and something amazing happened.\
\
All he did was change the rules, and that changed how the game was played, and that changed the outcome. It\'92s simple really when you think about it. Change the rules, change the game, change the outcome.\
\
It wasn't the kids fault, it wasn't the idea of the games fault, it was the rules by which everyone was playing the game. Rules which left people hurting, knocked out, and injured. Rules which if left unchanged would have resulted in the same outcome every time. Rules that set those kids up for failure instead of success. Mr. Naismith had the foresight not to blame the kids but the rules. He knew, if you change the rules, you'll change the game, and then change the outcome.\
\
It was really that simple. Not easy, that\'92s different, but simple. When I think about my own life I've seen this principle work itself out time and time again. I have functioned out of a broken set of rules only to feel defeated, hurt, and like I'm not getting anywhere. I have struggled to overcome personal struggles, thinking it was something wrong with me or how God wired me. But when I change some of the rules I've lived my life by then things just started to work itself out.\
\
One of the alligators I fed for years was my appetite for foods that were unhealthy for me. For years I told myself I can't eat healthy. I grew up in a poor home and healthy food wasn't really available. On top of that my parents didn't make me eat healthy things when I could and so I grew up with some rules about how and what to eat. The rule was you ate what you liked when you were hungry. I was overweight from my 20\'92s to early 40\'92s. Always wishing I was healthier and trying to eat better. Never succeeding. Always blaming how God wired me.\
\uc0\u8232 \
Then I was diagnosed with an autoimmune condition. It affected my energy and the doctor\'92s told me there was nothing I could do for it, just take a pill for the rest of your life and you\'92ll be ok. That didn\'92t sit well with me. After a lot of research I discovered there was a chance I could change my future health with some extreme diet changes\'85only problem was, I don\'92t eat healthy, remember?\'a0So there I was with a choice.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
Live by my current rule for food: Eat what you like when you like and hope things change.\
Or change the rule I lived by for food: Eat only foods that will propel a healthier future.\
\uc0\u8232 \
I chose the later. I changed my diet to eat only meat and some fruits and drink water.\'a0I went from I don't want to eat healthy, to I'll die if I don\'92t. Changed everything over night. Lost 35 pounds in a few months, felt better, and haven\'92t looked back. I realized the struggle was almost 100% mental and not physical.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
Change the rules, change the game, change the outcome!\
\
Maybe that seems a little too simple and you are thinking you have bigger issues that what you eat. Maybe you're like my friends who were having serious marriage issues. They were frustrated wondering if their spouse was the right person or not. When I met with them I strongly encouraged them with the story about basketball...telling them it wasn't the person but the rules with which they were living out their marriage by. After changing a few but pretty serious rules in their relationship, they charted a new course and the results are as of this writing they are happily married. How?\'a0 Simple.\
\
Change the rules, change the game, change the outcome!\
\
Or like the Smith's (not their real name) who lived in debt and month their whole lives. Then, they changed the rules they were living by. They gave to God first, spent less than they made, and saved all they could. In a few short years their finances were entirely different. They were out of debt and able to pay cash for a car.\'a0 Again, how? \
Simple.\
\
Change the RULES, change the GAME, change the OUTCOME!\
\
I want to point out something important. I've used the word simple here a lot. I didn't say EASY. None of this is easy. It requires a desire to go deep into your own heart and dig up what lurks beneath all the things we hide it behind. It can be painful and time consuming. It will require change in areas that you probably don\'92t want to. But it is worth it. Where God calls you to on this journey it is worth it because at the end you'll be more like Him...and that is the goal\
\
Maybe you picked up this book because you have an addiction you need to recover from. It's not easy, but it's simple what needs to happen. (go into details here...addiction may not be the best one to use...pick something else that has to do with habits maybe)\
\
Change the rules, change the game, change the outcome!\
\
This is the key to our success as we move forward through this book. When we hit certain topics you will be tempted to look at past failures and believe you can't win. You will remember you've tried this before and failed. You've tried to tackle your greed problem or lust problem only to end up like those kids...wounded, hurt, and wondering why you even try. It would be easy to look at your past and think you don't have the right personality or gifts. But all of those would be lies. Your past failures and future successes have nothing to do with gifts, strengths, personalities, or anything else about you. In fact maybe the best thing I can say to you is your future success isn't dependant upon you (mostly). It's not about how you are but how you play the game. It's about the rules you play by in life. Because no matter what you are talking about, relationships, addictions, struggles, past hurts, etc...the outcome is always determine by the rules with which you play the game.\'a0 \
\
And so this book is designed in such a way to call out the old broken rules that we play by. We are going to change the rules with which we are living our lives by. When we change the rules, it changes the games we are playing with ourselves. It changes the conversations we have. It changes the goals and directions we are going. So in turn, it changes the outcomes to what we want?\
\
Seem to easy? It's not, I promise. It's hard to change the rules you've been playing this game called life by for the past several years. It won't be easy but it is so worth it. So are you ready? You can do this...say it with me.\
\
Change the RULES, Change the GAME, change the OUTCOME!\
\
Now, let's go change our futures!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 STEP 1: REMOVE THE ASHERAH POLES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\
2 Kings 22 - 23\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 I need a "JUST IN CASE" story or a backup story to talk about whether you are really committed or not depending on if you have a backup plan.\'a0\'a0(keeping a credit card, not throwing away that last pack of oreos, etc...)\cf2 \
\
\
If you were to read the book of 1 and 2 Kings you would read the history of the kings of Israel and the slow drift into bondage ultimately. There were good kings and bad kings. Some kings were evil and others were good. Some it goes into great detail and others there only a few lines about. As you read these stories you see there is this beautiful cadence.\
\
It starts with who they were and where they stood with God, either good or bad. Then it normally goes to who their mother is. And then if they were on the evil side it will would tell how evil. But if they were on the good side it would talk about how good they were in the eyes of God. Seems pretty straight forward...except almost everyone refused to understand the importance of removing what is distracting. If you read it, they didn\'92t remove the Asherah poles. Maybe that doesn\'92t seem like a big deal, who cares if some poles were left standing, aren\'92t there more important issues to be dealing with?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 THERE WERE GODS, OTHER GODS, AND MORE GODS ::
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 During these times were many different gods worshiped and all of them were terrible in their own right. Molek was worshiped and is often referred to as the terrible god Molek because he required you to sacrifice your children to him. Ba'al is mentioned multiple times. And then there was Asherah.\
\
Asherah was the goddess of fertility. She was strictly forbidden to be worshiped by the Israelites (Exodus 13:34, Deuteronomy 7:5, 12:3, and 16:21). Seems like a weird detail but it's incredibly important. The Asherah poles were introduce in scripture in the book of Exodus as something the Israelites were to destroy. These were poles or trees in high places were the Goddess of fertility was worshiped. Her name...you guessed it...Asherah. These worship ceremonies were many times sexual in nature and went against the very nature of who are called to be. No wonder God took them so seriously. There is no way you could be in a right relationship with Asherah and Yahweh at the same time. They were mutually exclusive. \
\
But, like so much of the old testament stories, the nation didn\'92t listen, got caught up into some weird sex stuff and were led astray worshiping Asherah, setting up poles everywhere, and ignoring God\'92s call on their life.. \
\
Now this isn\'92t a chapter on sex or lust, that\'92s for later. What I want you to see early on is not WHAT they were worshiping but WHY they continued to struggle with it. Why they would repent, feel bad, only to fall back into worshiping her again and again. Can you guess why? It wasn\'92t because they weren\'92t serious, it wasn\'92t because they didn\'92t pray enough. It wasn\'92t because they hated God. No, it was something more subtle than that. It was a pattern, a rule in some ways the kings of Israel lived by that no one ever challenged. And because no one saw the patter, no one changed the rules and in turn, the nation was stuck for several generations. \
\
Here is the pattern:\
\
In the books of 1st and 2nd kings there is an interesting pattern of introducing the new king after the old king had died. They would first tell you his name and his father. Then the number of years he reigned followed by who his mother was. \
\
\
\
What is interesting is the scripture points out there was a way to love God and worship God and yet not fully surrender to God and all His ways. Maybe you grew up in a world that said if "Jesus isn't Lord of all, He isn't Lord at all". It rhymes so it must be right...right? But these books seem to tell us there is a way to live with God but not completely in tune with God.\
\
I think this is where many of us are today. We truly do worship and want to follow God. Our hearts are in the right place. Yet, there are some places or locations that we refuse to tear down. And in turn we allow our enemy to keep a foot in the door for us to return when we want to.\
\
So as you continue to read what would happen is the nation would easily fall back into sin and rebellion against God. They would return to Asherah and the other gods of the area. They were never fully devoted to God because they never cut down the poles that distracted them. They stood, ready to be returned too just in case the people or the king decided Yahweh wasn't doing what they wanted Him to do.\
\
What are your Asherah poles?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Music you still listen to even though it doesn't honor God\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Old relationships you are holding onto you know are a problem for your walk and faith in God\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Habits that don't honor God\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A sexual relationship or sin you hold onto while trying to serve and honor God\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
etc...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
If you keep reading there is one king, finally, the last great king of Israel...King Josiah. In chapter 22 it goes into detail like every other king but this time it read differently. This time it tells us he destroyed the poles. He went to the high places, cut them down, crushed the bones there, and defiled all of the alters so they could no longer be used. He removed the unholy places of worship\'a0\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	01.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
02	Change the Rules, Change the Game, Change the outcome\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Story behind the premise of the title - creation of Basketball\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the New Rules then?\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Removing Reminders & Temptations\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Removing the Asherah Poles\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Replacing with Good things\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lake Placid Ending - we\'92re not going to swap things out\'a0\
\ls2\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
kill it kill it kill it\
\ls2\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Don\'92t swap one alligator for another\'85kill them all\
\ls2\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can\'92t pursue sin and Jesus at the same time\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Remind ourselves of why it\'92s dangerous consistantley\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Memorize scripture on it maybe?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
(LAST SECTION)\
Feeling Follow Faithfulness (will it always be so hard? No\'85eventually)\
}