{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red72\green0\blue123;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c35686\c10196\c55686;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 For pride is spiritual cancer: it eats up the very possibility of love, or contentment, or common sense \'96 CS Lewis
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 Pride is concerned with WHO is right, Humility is concerned with WHAT is right. \'96 Ezra T Benson\cf2 \
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Cancer. It is the words no one wants to hear from a doctor about anyone they love or care about. It is the word that strikes fear in the hearts of so many people. It is what our nation has dedicated billions of dollars to help cure. We have months dedicated to certain types of cancer awareness. We participate in runs to help raise money to find a cure. Some of us even dye our hair pink once a year in the month of November to honor those who fought against this terrible disease.\cf2 \
\cf4 \
And while there are many many emotions that come with cancer, apathy is not one of them. Imagine you're at the doctor and you are told you have cancer...but it's only a little and so they don't think it's a big deal and are going to ignore it. What do you do? Find a new doctor if you're smart. Because there is no such thing as a little cancer. There is only cancer and even the smallest amount in a persons body is a threat to the rest of the body. Cancer is not something you play around with and certainly not something allow to remain in your system at any level.\cf2 \
\cf4 \
Pride is spiritual cancer. It is the one disease that is the cause of so many others. It is the genesis of so many other diseases. It is what got Satan kicked out of heaven. It's incredibly serious and if you can get rid of this one half the battle is one. The problem is we live in a culture where pride is no longer seen as cancer but encourage to maintain. There is even month where we celebrate pride as a virtue to possess, not something to get rid of. \cf2 \
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Something has shifted ::
\f0\b0 \
I'm not sure when it happened...probably in the 60's during the pursuit to discover who you really are and be true to yourself (look this up more). \
\
It may sound odd but participation trophies haven't helped. The concern with self esteem is a subtle way to discuss pride. It is a focus on how a person sees themselves, instead of how God sees them. \
\
\

\f1\b Letting God define the person ::
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 This may sound obvious but shouldn't the designed decide the value and purpose of the creation. \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Pride\cf2 \
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 What prides whispers in our minds:
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 I did ______________\cf2 \
\cf4 I deserve _____________\cf2 \
\cf4 I would never ______________\cf2 \
\cf4 I'm right\cf2 \
\cf4 I need ____________\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 Scripture:
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Proverbs 16:18 - Pride goes before the fall\cf2 \
\cf4 2 Cor 10:5 - We demolish strongholds\cf2 \
\cf4 Phil 2:3 - Do nothing out of selfish ambition\cf2 \
\cf4 James 4:6 - God shows favor to the humble and opposes the proud\cf2 \
\cf4 1 Cor 4:7 - Why do you boast about what you have and did\cf2 \
\cf4 Deut 8:17 - When you get into the land do not think you did it yourself.\cf2 \
}