{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red23\green110\blue219;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c9412\c52157\c88627;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
There I was, I had lost it finally. My oldest and I were at odds over a number of things and tonight was the night. All of the anger that had built up came flowing out through a number of words that slipped through the filter of my mouth. It wasn't a long conversation but the damage was done. He sat in his chair crying, I stood frustrated and justifying my actions, Lisa sat frustrated feeling torn in between what to do. \
\
It would be easy for me to tell you it was a bad night, that I didn't mean those words, and I wasn't sure where they even came from...but we've been on this journey too long now. You know the truth. It wasn't a slip of a tongue as much as it was a revealing of my heart. Every single thing I said I had thought for weeks. Every word that came out was said under my breath before. Nothing happened that night except I was exposed as an angry father who allowed it to build up instead of dealing with it when I should have.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Illustration of the hulk in the Avengers. There is this scene where Dr. Bruce Banner (the normal looking version of the hulk) reveals his secret in becoming the hulk. Captain America tells Dr. Banner that "now might be a good time to get angry" in order for him to turn into the big green monster needed to defend the city. This is one of the big reveal moments where Dr. Banner smiles and tells them all that his 'secret' is that he's "always angry". \cf2 \
\cf3 \
\
\
Twitter - cancel culture - the need to feel outrage today.\'a0 \cf2 \
\
\
Proverbs 14:29\
Proverbs 19:11 - restrain your anger - it is possible\
Proverbs 29:11 - Fools give full rage to their anger, the wise bring peace\
Ecclesiastes 7:9 - "anger lodges in the hearts of fools"\
Jesus flipped tables in anger - it was righteous...we have to differentiate the two.\
Romans 12:19 - Let God get revenge\
Ephesians 4:26 - "Be angry and do not sin, don't let the sun go down on your anger"\
Ephesians 4:29 - Don't let unwholesome words come out of your mouth\
Colossians 3:8 - "you must put them all away, anger...etc...\
Colossians 3:15 - "let the peace of Christ rule in your heart". Good images here.\'a0Peace is the opposite of anger.\
2 Timothy 2:23-25 - Keep away from foolish arguments that only lead to anger\
James 1:19 - Quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to anger.\
James 1:20 - for the anger of man does not produce the righteousness of God\
James - the power of the tongue can set a forest on fire.\'a0 (come back to the fire at the end of the chapter as a positive)\
1 Cor 13:4-5 - it is not easily angered - doesn't say you shouldn't get angry\
\
\
\
Illustration of me not being angry anymore and my family noticing - my solution - i'm responible TO people and not FOR people. When we confuse the two we want to overfunction in thier lives and this is when we get into trouble.}