{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
There is more to lust than sex. Much like many of other deadly sins this one too has been over simplified to its most basic outward desire. It does include sex, but it is so much more than that. It is a desire to consume\
\
Asherah Poles in our lives are all over where I live in America\
\
Synonym...look into whether COVET is the same.\
\
Scripture: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Amnon and his sister.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Song of Songs - Do not arouse love until it is time\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Two parts to this verse\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you're married...it's time!\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exodus 20:14 - Adultery - wanting something that is NOT yours\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Matthew 5:28 - Do not look at a woman lustfully...He got everyone at that moment. Not a person in the world \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Need to be clear here somewhere...while lusting after another person is just as big of a deal to God...it is not the same as actually having adultery.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This is an issue in marriage I see all the time. One is caught looking at porn and becomes an excuse to leave the marriage because he/she was unfaithful. Yes on some levels but it is not the same as actually committing adultery\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A great example would be to look at what Jesus said a few verses earlier. He speaks of murder which we can all agree is a terrible irreversible decision. But then he goes onto say that you shouldn't even say 'Racca' because you have committed murder in your heart. I don't know of anyone who would say that because they said terrible things to someone it is the same as actual murder. That is not even close.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 So while sexual sin is different than all other sins (1 Cor 6:17) we have to be careful about saying more than Jesus said in this chapter. He is trying to get at a persons heart, which is the point of this book, getting to the deeper issues that ultimately drive our behavior.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1 Cor 6:17\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Food for the stomach and the stomach for food\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is permissible and what is beneficial.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 Tim 2:22 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Flee from youthful lusts\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1 John 2:16\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lust of the flesh, Lust of the eyes, pride of life\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proverbs 6:25\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Galatians 5:16\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Romans 8:6\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Col 3:5 - Put to death whatever is in your flesh (use NLT because it says what is 'lurking on the inside' - Great imagery there)\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Gal 5:19-21 - They will not inherit the kingdom of God\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Romans 13:14 - make no provision (i like that word) to satisfy the desires of the flesh.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exodus 20:17 - Do not covet your neighbors stuff or people\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Gal 6:7 - God can not be mocked, we reap what we sow\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1 Thes 4:3-5 - It is God's will and desire for you to be free\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
Illustrations\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The convo with my dad about sex - it was odd and ruined Blizzards for me...at last for a few weeks...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The song Let's talk about Sex and my parents being ok with it.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maybe a quote from the song as a header for the chapter.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lisa and I having sex 3 weeks into the relationship - I was a virgin by lack of options, not by choice.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Me having to break up with Lisa because I couldn't handle it...\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Me having to repent to her for using her...even though it was her idea\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
It was one of the most awkward conversations I've ever had. I was sitting there in a park with my dad eating my blizzard. I was told we going to get ice cream, but there was something more nefarious going on here. It was a bait and switch moment. I was getting my favorite snack while my dad was going to explain the concept of sex to me.\
\
Maybe you've had a similar experience. The one where your parents do their best, but fumble through words that should have been said a few years ago. He asked me what I knew and I lied, embarrassed about what my friends and I talked about school. In my mind there wasn't much I didn't know. It was pretty straight forward about what it was and the last thing I wanted to do was talk about it with my dad. We fumbled through "the talk" and then drove home...to never talk about sex in a meaningful way again.\
\
I learned about the same things in church. For the most part the sermons or lessons we learned were sex is something we want to avoid at all cost until marriage and if you mess it up you mess everything up. \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Attraction vs Traction
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
Lisa told me she was attracted to someone we knew. We had made a deal earlier in our marriage that when we found ourselves attracted to someone else we would tell each other. There would be no judgement because let's be honest, we can't control who we are attracted to. We discussed it for a few minutes and it was over. That was it.\
\
Now for some, that would spell trouble in our marriage but for us that was a sign of health. Because culture tells us you can't control who you love but at the same time you never be attracted to someone someone else. And if you are, then somehow you are not being loyal to your spouse. But what if I told you the opposite was true. We decided we can't control who we are attracted to, but we are complete control of how much traction that person has in our lives and marriage.\
\
Maybe you're not convinced...that's ok. Let me put it this way. If you are walking down the street and see someone who is attractive to you. In that moment are you willing to drop everything, leave your spouse, get a divorce, abandon your kids, jeopardize other key friendships, and possibly hurt your career...all for the person who you thought was attractive walking down the street? Unless you have a serious problem with sex then the obvious answer is of course no. They are a stranger. They are hot but not worth all that. \
\
Yet as a pastor I have sat in front of men and women who have thrown everything away in the pursuit of love. They will tell they have never felt this way. They will tell me it's worth it. They will tell me they can't help who they love. But is that true? No. Because while we are not in control of who we find attractive, the person walking down the street, we are in complete control of how much traction that person has in our lives. \
\
So where is the disconnect between the two. Well let's change one detail to the story. The person you are attracted to isn't walking down the street but working down the hall. Now you don't just see this person one time passing never to see them again, you see them every day. And one day you dress a little nicer and she/he notices and mentions it. So you faithfully wear your best outfits when you know you'll be around. And you faithfully make sure you talk to them every day, even if just to say 'hi' as you pass by. Then you faithfully make sure that you take your lunch break the same time as them. Maybe at this point you are still not at a place where you are willing to walk away. In fact you've told yourself, this is harmless and you would never actually do anything. But what you are missing is you're feeding and alligator. An alligator that has bitten many people and ruined many lives. \
\
But you don't think it's a big deal. So you continue to faithfully talk to them daily, even eat lunch with them when you can. All the way up to the moment where they confide in you some issue they are having in the marriage. And you, you're a great person, you're motives are pure, you're just being a good friend who is going to listen. In fact they even talked about how good of a listener you are. So you start to text back and forth but your spouse might think it was weird so you hide it. Again, you would never do anything and act on it but you start to feel something different for them. \
\
Then one night, they invite you out to some place. And you go. \
\
I don't have to finish story, you know where this ends up. It ends up in my office with someone telling me they can't control how they feel and who they love. Missing all the steps of them faithfully pursuing someone who was not their spouse. Missing how they faithfully showed up, faithfully texted, faithfully, hid everything, and eventually ended up in a place they could have never imagined. \
\
But it's funny, because you knew where the story was going didn't you. I didn't even have to finish the story for you to know where it will end up. Why? Because at our core it's obvious to everyone in the story where it is going...that is except the people in it. They faithfully fed the alligator of lust, oblivious to where they will end up. \
\
if I were to go back in those stories of the men and women who left everything we would see A LOT more control over who they are in love with than they were aware of. What we would see is that they started to faithfully \
\
But why do I keep using that word faithfully? Because I believe our feelings follow our faithfulness. Let me say that again...Feelings Follow Faithfulness. If you spend your days faithfully pursing someone else other than your spouse it is only a matter of time before you are in love with someone else, confused and conflicted about what to do...because you can't control who you love? \
\
Or can you? Can you control how much traction another person has in your life? How much control do you really have over how you feel? As we will discover together, a lot more than we think.\
\
\
}