{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red23\green110\blue219;\red68\green0\blue181;
\red248\green0\blue39;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c9412\c52157\c88627;\cssrgb\c34118\c14118\c76078;
\cssrgb\c98824\c7059\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
"You know Nic, I just think you're lazy!"\
\
Those were the words of someone I had recently sought to have lunch with who I thought could help me. I was furious inside. No one worked as hard as I did since we had started the church. I was up at 5 in the morning and worked until it was dark many days. I only took one day off a week and many times that wasn't a full day to the dismay of my wife and kids. Who did this person think they were to tell me I was lazy...they had no clue and I was about to tell them.\
\
That is, until he clarified a few moments later. \
\
"I know you work really hard, I just think you're relationally lazy. You need to get out to meet more people. Quit holing up in your office and build relationships with others." \
\
I went from furious to focused really quick. While I was still hurting from even the notion of being lazy at all, there was some truth to what he saying to me. I had felt for a while that God was calling me to get out in the community more. To put myself out there be more available. But I hadn't up to that point. \
\
Honestly, I didn't want to. And it was easy to say I didn't have the time but that wasn't the issue. That was an excuse. Last time I checked we all have the same amount of time - 168 hours in the week. And to make it worse, as the lead pastor I set my own schedule so if my schedule was messed up then it was solely my fault. So what was the problem. \
\
I knew what I needed to do, I did have the time if I wanted to. I was just being...(it took everything in me to admit this)...lazy!\
\
He was right. I was only doing what I wanted to do, hiding behind a work schedule that was at break neck speed. \
\
\
Examples ::\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is the husband who knows he needs to have hard conversations with his spouse only to continue to work late that night so avoids the fight.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is the parent who refuses to confront the sin pattern in their child's life because they want to be only an encouragement and not display the full range of guidance a parent is required to give.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is ignoring health issues that are painfully obvious to those around you, hoping it gets better.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is feeling the Holy Spirit nudge you to do something specific, and doing anything and everything other than that task.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(need a few more here)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Illustration of the prayer that I shouldn't have prayed...I'll do anything God...you just name it.\cf2 \
\
We will not be held accountable in life for what we do and don't do, but what God has called us to to do and not to do. This is such a huge distinction that is overlooked. And believe it or not...it is a version of sloth.\
\
The real name for sloth is Acedia - Acedia is defined as spiritual or mental sloth. This is such a broader and deeper meaning than simply someone who sits and doesn't move. \
\
When I started to write this book I believed there was one chapter I really didn't struggle with...sloth. I view being slothful as the person who sits on the couch doing nothing all day but playing video games and surfing the internet. But as I delved into the original meaning more and more I realized this is a much broader and more serious issue that I realized. \
\
(I need to do a bit of research on the original definition and why we are doing to define it the way we are in this book)\
\
The definition of sloth we will use is to reject or ignore intentionally what love requires you to do towards God, others, and ourselves.\'a0 If this sounds somewhat familiar it should. There is a passage of scripture where Jesus tells us the number one thing in life is to love God and in turn also love others as we love ourselves. To be slothful then has nothing to do with activity but the right activity at the right time.\
\
What this means is the busy person who never stops for breaks could be just as slothful as the person who has accomplished nothing all day. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Evagrius "Once [acedia] has seized possession of a wretched mind, it makes a person horrified at where he is, disgusted with his cell...Likewise it renders him slothful and immobile in the face of all the work to be done within the walls of his dwelling"\cf2 \
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Good works vs God's will ::
\f0\b0 \
\
In light of everything we have discussed the answer to overcoming slothfulness isn't business but something more focused. God will not judge you in life by what you do or don't do. I've heard that sermon too many times. But it simply isn't true. As we look together at this topic it become clear that God will judge on what He calls us to do. This subtle shift in focus may seem trivial but it is everything. \
\
God is not going to judge your days based on how much good works you did but on whether the good works you did were part of His plan for your life. \
\
As a pastor I have to confess this has become an area of emphasis for me in my walk with God lately. 
\f1\b It is easy for me to confuse doing the good/God's work with doing God's will. 
\f0\b0 There is nothing wrong with God's work. In fact it is incredibly important but they are not the same. One anyone can do. The other, only I can do. One is universal for all people, things like praying for others, serving people, being generous to those in need. These are wonderful things we should all aspire to have in our lives. But God's will is unique for me and me alone. \
\
I have found that when I'm in a hurry I settle for less than what God wants in my life. When I settle for good works over God's will I am limiting God's power in my life. I basing my walk with Christ on a generic path and ignoring the unique call on my life. At best I'm not doing anything wrong, but at worst I could be actually doing something God has called someone else to do. I could be robbing someone else of a blessing because I am not wiling to pause long enough to hear the voice of God. \
\

\f1\b Step to take :: Lord speak to me
\f0\b0 \
\
There's a story in the book of 1 Samuel where a young boy is serving God. He's doing a lot of good works but has yet to hear God's will. One night while he is laying down to sleep it says God speaks to young Samuel. Samuel assumes the voice is his master Eli's and goes to ask what he wanted. Eli sends the boy back having not called him. This happens twice but on the third time Eli realizes what is happening and tells the boy to ask God to speak to him. It reads:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs20 \cf5 \super 10\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The\'a0Lord\'a0came and stood there, calling as at the other times, \'93Samuel! Samuel!\'94\cf2 \
\cf5 Then Samuel said, \'93Speak, for your servant is listening.\'94\'a0 1 Sam 3\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
After this the voice of the Lord speaks to Samuel in a powerful way and God tells the young boy what the future holds. This starts a unique relationship where Samuel and God speak back and forth. Samuel becomes a mouth piece for God to the people eventually. All because of his willingness to listen for God's voice.\'a0 \
\
I believe the first step to overcoming acedia to know the voice of God. To make the shift from good works to God's will in our lives. To embrace a sacred calling to talk with the creator the heavens and the earth. To believe it is possible to know the will of God through listening to His voice. This is not easy but worth it when over you time you develop the ability to discern this voice.\
\
New Rule ::\
So we are going to take time every day to listen for the voice of God. We are going to wait and trust God wants to speak to us. We will be both patient and passionate about Gods will for our lives.\
\
What to expect when you do this at first. Nothing. Don\'92t expect anything. Because that is probably what you will hear. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Be careful what you ask for though ::
\f0\b0 \
\
I have to warn you. This can be powerful and grow your faith in ways nothing else can. When you start to walk hand in hand with God and are living out His will for your life you will experience Him in a very real and refreshing way for your soul.\'a0 But, it can be dangerous to your faith also.\
\
Many years ago I was in an intense time of prayer and worship while driving. It was one of those rare moments in my life where I could almost feel tangibly the presence of God. And then I said the words I would regret for the next few months, "God whatever you want me to do I'll do it."\'a0 I meant this prayer too. It was my "Speak, for you servant is listening" moment. In this moment I would have done anything and was expecting something HUGE! I was thinking maybe God would call me to be a missionary or start a new church. I was hoping what it would be some grand adventure I could start on. I sat in anticipation with an open heart and expectant mind.\
\
Then I heard that still small voice speak to clear as God does. But it wasn't to start a church or leave the country to lead others to Him. It wasn't even anything medium size. No, God wanted me to call someone and tell them I lied to them a few weeks prior. I wanted big adventure and God gave me a small task. On top of that I didn't want to do it at all. I was a youth pastor of a church and I had lied to one of the elders wives. This would NOT go over well at all. In fact over a few short minutes I concluded I couldn't do this for God.\
\
So, I came back with a 'what else do you have for me prayer?'. I heard nothing for a bit and then I felt as though God told me to finish what I had asked for and then we'll talk. I'd love to tell you that I was obedient and honored God's request. I didn't. I told God no I wasn't going to do that. I effectively killed any spiritual high I was on that night. Over the next several week I would try to pray and hear from God and every time it was the same answer. "You asked for this, do what I asked you to do and then we can talk about what's next." This went for a few months unfortunately until I finally broke.\
\
I called on the phone after rehearsing what I would say over and over again. I was nervous and worried about my job. Finally the phone picked up but it went a voicemail. In that moment I made an executive decision. God told me to confess my sin to them, He didn't say I had to confess to them live. So I repented over the machine as quick as I could, hung up, and prayed that somehow the machine would break before they listened. The elder and his wife never mentioned it to me or acknowledged my phone call...who knows...maybe God did destroy the recording?\
\
\
\
\

\f1\b The big F's we all need to focus on ::\'a0 (Keep the F's)
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 It can be overwhelming to just openly ask God to speak to you. Sometimes when I do that my thoughts can range from nothing to some of the oddest thoughts humanly possible. This is why when you are starting out you can use some critical categories we all need to focus on.\'a0 I call them the 5 F's of life. If you consistently pursue God in each of these areas it will ensure there are no obvious problems you are missing. These areas are: \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Faith - Spiritual\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Family - Relational\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fitness - Physical\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Finances - Financial\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Future - Vocational\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Let's take a second to unpack each one together. First it is easy to be Spiritually Lazy . This is the most obvious and important one. God wants to speak to you about your walk with Him. This can include what to read in the Bible, conviction about stoping some personal activity, or even a faith step to take where God wants to reveal who He is in your life through your obedience.\
\
The second category is relational sloth. Next to faith this should be everything. How we treat those we are closest to speaks volumes about how mature our faith is in God. Believe it or not, God wants to speak to encourage you through specific steps in this journey. He wants you to forgive, love, repent, confess, and encourage those around you. This area is so important the book of 1 Peter 3:7, Peter tells us this: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs20 \cf5 \super 7\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Husbands,\'a0in the same way be considerate as you live with your wives, and treat them with respect as the weaker partner and as heirs with you of the gracious gift of life, so that nothing will hinder your prayers. 1 Peter 3:7\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Think about that for a second. God is telling us through Peter that if you don't treat your spouse well then He won't hear your prayers. Most people don't take seriously enough the call to radically love their families. Why? They are relationally lazy. But if we can change the rules we live by and consistently check-in with God on these critical areas we will rid our lives of the slothfulness that so easily creeps into our relationships.\'a0 \
\
Next, we can find ourselves becoming Physically Lazy. This has to do with our physical health and how we treat the bodies God has given us. Often I find people who mistreat their bodies by what they eat and a lack of exercise and then are frustrated with God when they become sick or struggle to pay medical bills. Our bodies are gifts given to us by God to be used for His glory. For some reading this you've never thought about this way. But I want you to know God wants to speak to you about how to take care of your body and in turn how you can show honor to the creator through it.\
\
The fourth category is our finances. God has already spoken a lot about finances in the Bible but we make financial decisions every single day that the Bible doesn't speak about. How much should you invest, what size house should you bud, how much spending money for recreational time should you have, should you give to that missionary who is raising money to go overseas, etc...\'a0 The list goes on and on. When we pause long enough to listen to God it allow Him a chance to guide us financially. What i find though is most are financially lazy and don't want to know what God says about money.\
\
The last one is vocationally lazy. This one may hurt a little. But the average person (and you may not be average) spends all week working for someone else and on the weekend not working on themselves. They feel stuck financially because they are in a job vocationally that is going no where (are seeing where some of these are connected?).\'a0 We know we should read more books and better ourselves, learn a new trade or skill, (do something else) but we don't. We waste hours and hours watching tv shows, football games, searching social media, and a number of other things...all the time frustrated God won't change their situation.\'a0 But God is calling us to quit ignoring this area of our lives and start investing it. To quit making excuses and start listening and obeying to what He is saying to us.\
\
\
\
Questions to ask: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is God asking you to do that you are ignoring?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Are you creating time in order to hear from God more than the world?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Is there a category (Spiritual, Relational, Financial, Physical, or Vocational) you are ignoring in your life by compensating in another one?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
https://www.instagram.com/reel/DMJBRW7S_6B/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link\
\
\
Illustration of Listen and Do from my mom...I hated that phrase by her.\
}