{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red168\green0\blue3;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c72425\c1773\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 DFTA
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Chapter 2 - The Reason You Can't Win\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 "Band-aids don't fix bullet holes"\
\
Taylor Swift\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 THE B WORD\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
I couldn't believe I said it. I had thought it multiple times but the word had never came out of my mouth...at least not to her...at least not loud enough for her to hear me. Normally I have a pretty good filter on my mouth during an argument, but this fight was a little bit different. I was angry...really angry and was willing to play dirty to win the argument and prove my point. \
\
You see, there are certain words you don't use in a marriage and for us, this was one of them. In fact this was the big one, the one to rule them all, the B word for us. And I used it. And as the words slipped through my mouth I knew it was a mistake.\
\
A few months earlier we were discussing boundaries for when we fight and she told me there was one word that really bothered her more than any other word. The word? BITTER!  \
\
Yep, that's the B word in our household. What B word did you think I meant? For Lisa, it's pretty much equivalent to the worst thing I can call her. There is a bunch of history behind why it hurts so much but I won't bore you with the details. What I will say is when she told me that I promised to never say it again. And for a while, I did a good job...until I didn't!\
\
I had spent several month fighting off the urges during arguments and did a good job of controlling my tongue. But this night...it slipped through the filter. \
\
And in the moment the alligator bit me...hard. I lost trust with Lisa because she felt like I used her insecurity against her. I hurt her because she knew I meant it. I damaged the relationship in multiple ways, all in one moment of weakness. \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 THE FILTER MYTH\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
We've all been there. We've all said or done things that slipped through the filter we have setup to ensure the behavior we think about and even enjoy privately doesn't ever come out publicly. And when things do eventually slip through, because it's not a matter of IF but WHEN, we say things like:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I didn't mean it.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I don't know where that came from?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}That's not who I am.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I was just joking\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You're too sensitive\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Everyone makes mistakes\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}At least I'm not as bad as...\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I'm just tired/stressed/hungry\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The reason we say these things is because we believe them. We believe we are really good people who just need to tweak our behavior and if we can just control our behavior then we'll be ok. So the filter is setup to manage, control, curb our behaviors that are not for public consumption. Only problem is our behaviors keep pushing their way through the filter into the public for all to see.\
\
One of the hardest realities to accept in life is the behaviors that slip through our filters when we are tired/hungry/stressed, when we are not paying attention, or when we've had enough and are angry and don't care anymore...this IS who we really are. The rest of the time is the nice polished version of who we want others to think we are. Those behaviors DO show the world what really look like when the filter is off. We just don't like to admit that.\
\
And it can be scary, we can even scare ourselves. I have done things and crossed boundaries that have shocked me. There is a part of me that wants to justify and excuse it away. I want to say it was a one off and I will never do that again. I want to believe deep down that this is not who I am, but it is. \
\
Because I love questions, let me ask you a few. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What slips through the filter every now and then? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What have you said or done or not do that has shocked you recently? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is it you have to keep an eye on and make sure no one sees the part of who you are. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is it that you fantasize about (power, money, sex, drugs, revenge) that you hope no one ever finds out? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Have you found yourself saying any of the above statement to excuse anything lately?\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
If so trying harder isn't the answer...you've probably tried really hard to stop. \
\
Promising you'll never say or do that again won't help either...you've probably already promised yourself\
\
Being super serious this time...because the previous times you weren't serious but this time you are.\
\
What you have is something deeper going on inside of you that needs to be addressed. If all you do is manage your behavior then you'll miss the point. You'll never find peace and spend the rest of your life pretending, hiding, filtering, managing who you really are hoping no one ever really sees you. It's not how you were made to live, it's not how God intended you to live, but far too often it is where many people settle, believe the lie this is just who I am. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 JESUS AND THE DIRTY HANDS\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
There is an interaction, a show down, between Jesus and the Pharisees. If you don't know who the Pharisees are then that's ok, let me catch you up. These people were the religious leaders of their time. They were amazing at being good people in front of other people. \
\
How did they do this? Rules. They took all of God's rules (or commandments) in the Old Testament and figured out how to apply them. They believed that to be in tune with who God called you to be you have to do all that God called you do. It makes perfect sense at first.  \
\
The problem? People kept messing up the rules and their behavior kept slipping through the filter of the rules, so they made more rules. Because we all know that if the initial rule didn't work then more rules will absolutely work (Democrats take notice about gun laws). \
\
So what they eventually did was to create rules about how to keep God's rules to ensure you never broke the rules. I might have used the word 'rules' too much in that last sentence but you get the point. They were the type A, rule followers, who never did anything wrong. \
\
Which seems like a great idea at first. In fact in the Christian circle it's easy to bad mouth the Pharisees but at the core of who they were trying to be, their goal was great. They wanted to honor God with their lives. This is a great goal but a terrible strategy. \
\
What makes it worse is they felt like they were called to be the moral police of not only themselves but others. The rules they created were not just for them but for others. This is the backstory of what you need to know about the Pharisees. With that said, let's jump in...it says in Matthew 15\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1Then some Pharisees and teachers of the law came to Jesus from Jerusalem and asked, 2\'a0\'93Why do your disciples break the tradition of the elders? They don\'92t wash their hands before they eat!\'94\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
On the surface, this seems like a great rule. Is anyone really against this rule? Is there anyone who thinks the dirt adds flavor to the food. Maybe you do, but this seems like a pretty reasonable request. This is actually an example of the rules upon rules. Did you notice Jesus wasn't breaking a command of God but a tradition of the elders. But even if God didn't explicitly tell people to wash their hands, everyone knows that cleanliness is next to godliness.\
\
The Pharisees remind me of a lot of modern day Christians. Their goal is to live a good life and be a good person and behave publicly. To let as little of the crazy out as possible and when it does come out, hope no one sees it. To make sure they are as outwardly clean as you can get.\
\
But there is a problem with this mindset we've already discussed. It doesn't work. Eventually it's just a matter of time before the crazy comes through.\
\
And Jesus knows this. Jesus knows our life is not meant to be spent managing our desires that don't line up with who we want to be or are called to be. Jesus knows that while filters aren't inherently bad, they don't ever deal with the deeper issues we have. When we live like this it forces us to hide and cover up like our parents did in the garden. It doesn't allow us to be fully known by those around us because if they knew what we really thought about or wanted to do then they would run and hide from us.\
\
Jesus knows the destructive nature of pretending to be one this while secretly desires another.  \
\
So He says, \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3\'a0Jesus replied, \'93And why do you break the command of God for the sake of your tradition? 4\'a0For God said, \'91Honor your father and mother\'92 and \'91Anyone who curses their father or mother is to be put to death.\'92 5\'a0But you say that if anyone declares that what might have been used to help their father or mother is \'91devoted to God,\'92 6\'a0they are not to \'91honor their father or mother\'92 with it. Thus you nullify the word of God for the sake of your tradition. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Essentially Jesus is telling the Pharisees that they are guilty of taking man made rules and making them more important that God given rules. Why would they do that? Because for them in this instance the man made rules disguised, filtered out their own personal greed and responsibility to honor their parents. They had created a loophole in their mind where they could keep money set aside to take care of mom and dad and still look good in front of everyone else. \
\
Jesus isn't against rules. Rules can be great filters to help you deal with the temptations we all struggle with. But if we never go deeper, we miss that there is something waiting for the right moment to be set free.\
\
Right after that Jesus continues and reveal the core issue... \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7\'a0You hypocrites! Isaiah was right when he prophesied about you:\
\
8\'a0\'93\'91These people honor me with their lips,\uc0\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0but their 
\f2\i hearts
\f1\i0  are far from me.\
\
9\'a0They worship me in vain;\uc0\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0their teachings are merely human rules.\'92\'94\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Did you catch that? Jesus tells us there is a way to publicly, outwardly, with our behaviors alone honor God, but because our hearts are not with God, we are worship Him in vain. \
\
This is such a strong statement and one that is not mentioned nearly enough.\
\
So let me probe or poke a little deeper than I have up to this point. How is your heart toward God? \
\
Don't think through all the things you do for God. Those are great. But some of the coldest people I know serve as elders in a church. Some of the most lust filled people there are, wouldn't hurt a fly. Some of the most judgmental people I know are greeters for others churches I've attended. \
\
The point is there is a way to live so disconnected from who you are and who you are worshiping because you are only focusing on the external and not the internal. At a different point Jesus even tells them they are like white washed tombs, that look great above the ground but they are dead internally. Jesus can be a sniper sometimes.\
\
At the core of what Jesus is saying is they are spiritually dead. They have a heart problem, not a behavior problem and as long as they continue tells them they have a heart problem.  \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 SYMPTOMS VS DISEASES\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
"Nic, that's like putting a band-aid on cancer!"  \
\
I'll never forget that comment. It was the perfect analogy and I had never heard it put that way before. Toby was a guy I worked with and we were discussing our company's new plans for dealing with some financial issues we were having. Obviously Toby didn't think the plans would work. He felt like they weren't dealing with the deeper issues we had and while it might look good on the surface, it wasn't going to change the culture that had lead us to this point.  \
\
I think we can agree if someone has cancer putting a band-aid on it isn't going to do really anything. It might look better for a bit, it might help someone ignore an issue they don't want to deal with, and it might even help the person feel like they are at least doing something instead of nothing. But we all know, band-aids don't fix bullet holes or cure cancer.  \
\
The reason this doesn't help is there is a difference between the symptoms we see and can feel and the diseases that eat underneath the surface of our skin.  \
\
You can have a temperature that makes you feel bad, you can even take medicine to help relieve the pain and suffering of a high temp...but if your body never deals with the reason your temperature is high in the first place you'll eventually die. A high temp is just a symptom or something deeper.\
\
When it comes to our lives, when Jesus says that they have a heart issue what He is really saying our behaviors are just the symptoms of our hearts. If we have behaviors that we don't like, it's because we have some heart issues we need to address.\
\
Jesus goes on to illustrate this by saying...\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10\'a0Jesus called the crowd to him and said, \'93Listen and understand. 11\'a0What goes into someone\'92s mouth does not defile them, but what comes out of their mouth, that is what defiles them.\'94\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Now this may be a little confusing because if you grew up in the church you know there are dozens and dozens of laws or rules in the Old Testament about what you can eat and what you can't. \
\
You aren't the only one confused about this...even the disciples were a little messed up.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 15\'a0Peter said, \'93Explain the parable to us.\'94\
16\'a0\'93Are you still so dull?\'94 Jesus asked them. 17\'a0\'93Don\'92t you see that whatever enters the mouth goes into the stomach and then out of the body? 18\'a0But the things that come out of a person\'92s mouth come from the 
\f2\i heart
\f1\i0 , and these defile them.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 There's that word again...heart.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
 19\'a0For out of the 
\f2\i heart
\f1\i0  come evil thoughts\'97murder, adultery, sexual immorality, theft, false testimony, slander. 20\'a0These are what defile a person; but eating with unwashed hands does not defile them.\'94\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jesus tells the religious leaders of the time that they are focusing on the wrong things. They are worried about external behaviors and what they need to be focusing on is their heart and where that is toward God. If their heart is off, even a little, it's only a matter of time before those evil thoughts turn into something more, something terrible, something that will slip through the filter. \
\
He says our hearts hold the key, not our behaviors. As long as we keep focusing on the wrong things we'll continue to get the wrong results. As long as we keep thinking I can control it, I just need to keep it a secret, I'll just create another rule to help manage it, it will keep popping up in ways we don't want it too.  \
\
Right now we live in a nation right now that has roughly 300,000 federal laws. That doesn't speak to the local or state laws. 300,000! That is an insane number. While not all of them are moral laws many of them are. And the list of laws continues to grow yearly because we continue to invent ways to hurt each other, to take advantage of each other, and to use technology in ways that are destructive toward each other. We are broken at our core and more rules like the Pharisees created is not going to help us. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 THE NEED FOR A OLD FILTER\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
The reality is you don't have a food problem, you have a gluttony problem. It's not that others make you angry, it's that you are angry and others are around. It's not that you have a porn problem, you have a lust problem. You don't have a spending problem, you have a greed problem. Every one of the behaviors you struggle with in your life is rooted in a deeper heart issue. And as long as you continue to feed it, thinking you can control it through behavior filters, you'll struggle and eventually...well you probably know the next line...it's not a matter of IF it'll slip through but WHEN.\
\
What we need is a new way to deal with our issues...What we need is a new filter to help us...or maybe perhaps...an old filter. \
\
None of what I've said up to this point is new or profound. In fact the struggles we have today have been struggles since the beginning. And the church fathers knew this. They read the words of Jesus and understood that we need to fight the diseases and as long as the filter was to not behavior poorly we would continue to struggle.\
\
In the fourth century a monk named Evagrius Ponticus came up with this old filter I want to use. He listed off eight evil thoughts (or hearth issues): gluttony, lust, avarice, sadness, anger, acedia (spiritual sloth), vainglory, and pride. These were all meant to be view as root temptations that if fed over time would lead to almost all other surface level sins we struggle with. \
\
Honestly, I like the sound of The Evil Eight...sounds like a Quintin Tarantino movie. But that list was changed over time. \
\
Later on, in the late 500s, Pope Gregory I revised Evagrius' list. He combined vainglory with pride and sadness with acedia, then added envy to arrive with this list: \
	1	Pride\
	2	Greed (Avarice)\
	3	Lust\
	4	Envy\
	5	Gluttony\
	6	Wrath\
	7	Sloth\
\
Recognize it? His list eventually became the traditional Seven Deadly Sins. The goal of this list was meant to help us see past the surface and into the issues of our heart so we could fight the battle at the root cause and not on the surface. \
\
For centuries both culture and Christianity has referenced this list as the core issues we all struggle with. For the person who thinks we are progressing, all you have to do is look back and realize while the branches of sin have changed the tree of heart issues are the same. We are no better than our fathers and mothers, no more morally superior, we are the same broken humans searching to fill the God shaped hole with Earthly shaped objects...continuing to come up empty and lacking.  \
\
Not only has the list not changed, but there is an argument that every sin at its core can be traced back to one of these 7. \
Thomas Aquinas said it best when he said "Every vice has its origin in one of the deadly sins. Know them, and you know yourself." \'97 (paraphrased).\
\
We wouldn't have to MANAGE the MILLIONS of way to sin if we just took SERIOUSLY the SEVEN given to us by the church fathers.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 My hope for this book is that if we can get to the point where just take seriously the seven then we don't have to worry about managing the millions.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
We don't need any more rules, what we need are deeper times of reflection into who we are, what we really want, and what are the driving desires that leading to the behaviors I despise in my own life.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 There is even a passage\'85it is one of my favorite passages in all of scripture. It\'92s found in Colossians chapter 2 and it speaks to this on such a personal level for me. It says:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 22\'a0These rules, which have to do with things that are all destined to perish with use, are based on merely human commands and teachings. 23\'a0Such regulations indeed have an appearance of wisdom, with their self-imposed worship, their false humility and their harsh treatment of the body, but they lack any value in restraining sensual indulgence. Colossians 2:22-23\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Every time I read these two verses I feel convicted. Our whole world is setup upon the first verse. We live in a world full of do's and don'ts and if you can handle that...if you can become good at behavior modification then you'll end up in a really good place in life. This is why sometimes type A people excel initially. Notice I said initially. Just as many type A people have messed up their lives as Type B or C or Z. \
\
Behavior modification is great initially, it looks good outwardly, it feels good inwardly, and it can deceive us intellectually. Because not matter how good you are at following rules it does nothing against those deep desires that sit below the surface. It does nothing to hold back the alligators that are hiding, under the water line of life, waiting patiently for a moment of weakness, when the filter doesn't work.\
\
When that moment comes you're exposed for who you really are. Someone who can follow rules, mostly, but whose heart is still far from God and far from good.\
\
\
\
TAKE IT CAPTIVE - \
\
Kill it at the beginning when you have power - not later when it's too later\
\
God will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you can do...the problem is wer'e fightign the wrong battles in life.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf4 \super 5\'a0
\f5\b0 \nosupersub We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God,\'a0and we take captive every thought to make it obedient\'a0to Christ.  2 Corinthians 10\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Demolish\
We are going to spend the rest of our time together looking at what alligators we feed, why we feed them, and how we can not just avoid them but kill them in our lives.
\f5\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}