{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red102\green0\blue102;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red247\green150\blue70;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c0;\csgenericrgb\c40000\c0\c40000;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c96863\c58824\c27451;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2015\mo4\dy9\hr22\min44\sec0\timesinceref450330240}
{\revtim\yr2015\mo4\dy12\hr12\min22\sec0\timesinceref450552120}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 The Single Worst Thing You Can Do\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 Week 2 \'96 In Marriage\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 INTRO
\f1\b0\fs24 :\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We started a series last week entitle the Single Worst Thing\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The premise is wouldn\'92t it be great if we could avoid making the single worst mistake in the critical areas of our lives.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If you aren\'92t married I believe you need to pay attention more than anyone.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Whether you\'92re single, divorce, or whatever\'85what we are talking about today has the potential for how you see relationships and their purpose.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Transition:  So I want to start out this morning with a question \'96 how many of you have seen this movie?  Or this movie?  Or how about this one?  \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}So I\'92m going to really test you now\'85can you fill in the blank?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Every Disney movie seems to end with the same message.  There will be struggle to find mr. or mrs. Right but once you do\'85once you get married\'85everything seems to work itself out.  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And they lived ________________   ________________  _________________!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}But this isn\'92t reality is it?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And while we know that with our heads stats would say that we really do believe this is how it should be\'85\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Most people are willing to stay married as long as they are happy and then when they are not\'85they\'92re done.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}So let me ask you the question \'96 what is the purpose of your marriage?\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'93They regard the intention of loyalty to a partnership for mutual help, for the preservation of chastity, and the for the transmission of life, as something lower than a storm of emotion.\'94  CS Lewis \'96 Screwtape letters\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 BODY:\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs18 \cf4 \super 25\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Husbands, love your wives,\'a0just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her
\f2\b\fs18 \super 26\'a0\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 \nosupersub {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And in this moment what we see is that Paul is giving us the purpose for marriage.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He does this by giving us an analogy\'85\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He says husbands love your wives in the same way that Christ loved the church.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}(I could sit here with the concept of adultery if I wanted to and how Jesus still stayed)\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4  \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 to make her 
\f4\i\b holy
\f3\i0\b0 ,\'a0cleansing\'a0her by the washing\'a0with water through the word,\'a0\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 27\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub and to present her to himself\'a0as a radiant church, \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This is different imagery.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Paul is talking about presenting your wife as a church and washing her with scripture.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This isn\'92t your normal scripture read at a wedding\'85\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}But he says husbands there is a purpose for your marriage and you have a role in it\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 without stain or wrinkle or any other blemish, but 
\f4\i\b holy
\f3\i0\b0  and blameless.\'a0\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Your marriage has a purpose but nothing in this passage or really any other passage says anything about happiness.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Here is what I think the single biggest mistake you can make in your marriage is \'96 to think your marriage is there to make you happy\'85instead of holy!\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The purpose of your marriage is to make you holy not happy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf6 Illustration \'96 Jesus doesn\'92t want me to be unhappy for the rest of my life\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Transition:  Here are 3 reasons why this is so important to know\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The reason the purpose of marriage is to make you holy and not happy is because\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Point 1 - How you love your wife communicates something, not just to your wife but also to all those around you.  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 The goal in all of my life is to please God, point toward His Church and redeeming message, and exalts His work in my life through my actions.  \'93If my marriage contradicts my message, I have sabotaged the goal of my life.\'94  Sacred Marriage\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Point 2 \'96 It keeps the focus on the right person.\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If the purpose is to make me holy then the change that needs to happen needs to focus on me and what is my next step, not the other person and what they must do to keep me continually engaged, entertained, and ultimately happy!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I\'92m willing to bet if you are here and have been divorced when you talk about your failed marriage you don\'92t talk about how bad you were in the failed relationship do you?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Or when you get into a fight with spouse and tell your friends or parents or Facebook you don\'92t confess all the ways in which you failed in the relationship do you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Point 3 \'96 you will crush your spouse under the weight of your expectations of happiness\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf6 Illustration of my daughter Claire wanting to carry everything for me\'85but who should be carrying that weight?\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It\'92s not a big deal if she carry\'92s that weight for a few moments and helps but it is when I put the responsibility on her that the problems are created.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf6 Illustration of the clip from Married at first sight and how it perfect and then because he didn\'92t hold her but sort of mocked her she was questioning everything\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'93Romantic love has no elasticity to it.  It can never be stretched; it simply shatters.  Mature love, the kind demanded of a good marriage, must stretch, as the sinful human condition is such that all of us bear conflicting emotions.\'94   Sacred Marriage\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 CONCLUSION\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \'93As long as a couple is married, they continue to display \'96 however imperfectly \'96 the ongoing commitment between Christ and His Church.  Thus, simply \'91sticking it out\'92 becomes vitally important.\'94  Sacred Marriage\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ask yourself and your spouse 3 questions:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is my relationship communicating to the world\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Am I focusing on the right person?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Have I asked my spouse to make me happy when they are not equipped to do that?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Do I have the right purpose for the relationship that I\'92m in?\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}