{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c0;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2015\mo1\dy29\hr17\min8\sec0\timesinceref444265680}
{\revtim\yr2015\mo2\dy1\hr5\min44\sec0\timesinceref444483840}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Like No One Else\
Week 4 \'96 I will put firs things first\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 ME\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Illustration of the boat on fire with a big hole making it sink and then your shoes are untied\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 Transition:  As funny and silly as this is, the reality is we often chose the shoes first and stay on the sinking boat.  Or we spend our time trying to put out fires when it just means we are going down with the ship.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 WE
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The problem we all struggle with isn\'92t that we don\'92t have enough time, it\'92s that we don\'92t prioritize the time we have.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We are reactionary \'96 we are like DUG from the movie UP\'85Squirrel\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}How many people feel like this\'85really?   \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You wake up in the morning and you\'92re focused and you\'92re ready to go and a squirrel comes into the picture and ruins everything. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 GOD\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf4 \super 25\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub \'93Therefore I tell you, do not worry\'a0about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes?  
\f2\b \super 26\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them.\'a0Are you not much more valuable than they?\'a0
\f2\b \super 27\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life\super [e]\nosupersub ?\

\f2\b \super 28\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub \'93And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin.\'a0
\f2\b \super 29\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor\'a0was dressed like one of these.\'a0
\f2\b \super 30\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you\'97you of little faith? 
\f2\b \super 31\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub So do not worry, saying, \'91What shall we eat?\'92 or \'91What shall we drink?\'92 or \'91What shall we wear?\'92\'a0
\f2\b \super 32\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them.\'a0
\f2\b \super 33\'a0
\f0\b0 \nosupersub But seek first his kingdom\'a0and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.\'a0  Matthew 6 (NIV)\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs20 \cf4 \super 33\'a0
\f3\b0 \nosupersub But\'a0\super [\ul s\ulnone ]\nosupersub seek first\'a0\super [\ul t\ulnone ]\nosupersub His kingdom and His righteousness, and\'a0all these things will be\'a0\super [\ul u\ulnone ]\nosupersub added to you.  Matthew 6 (NASB)\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 YOU\
\
\
Do you want to live a life of subtraction or addition?\
\
Squirrel illustration \'96 are you dog?  Squirrel from Up!  Show the clip!\
\
\
\
\
}