{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal-leading-zero\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 You can't see what you can't see ::
\f0\b0 \
Greed is easy to see in others but almost impossible to see in others. This is why Jesus tells the disciples one day that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than to enter into heaven (Matthew 19:24). Not because greed is the unforgivable or it's too hard to overcome. It's just about impossible to see in ourselves. Think about it for a second, every time you read the passages in scripture that speak to 'rich people', do you think it's talking to you or someone else? \
\
(use the Indian proverb about the loin clothe)\
\
\

\f1\b The problem with Feelings ::
\f0\b0 \
One of the reasons we opt out of all of the rich people verses is because we are obviously not rich. Many of us are barely getting by and living pay check to pay check. And even those who have some money in the bank, you don't feel rich either. You have bills to pay for, colleges to save for, and retirement to invest in. You're not rich! Other people who make a lot more than you are rich. \
\
I get it, I feel the same way. I'm not sure I've ever woke up in the morning thought of myself as rich financially...and yet...statistically I'm loaded. And I'm not doing that spiritual Jesus juke either where I talk about how much I have relationally or how I'm spiritually rich with Christ. Both of those are true, but we're going to focus solely on money here. I'm rich! Like top 1% rich!\'a0 Like top 1% of all the people to ever live rich. Congratulations!!!\
\
Statistically (find all the stats for this section later). I'll bet no one feels better though. I'll bet no one jumped for joy that they just found out they were rich. Of course not...because if we're honest we don't want to be rich. 
\f1\b Rich comes with responsibility!\'a0 
\f0\b0 It is easier to be rich and not think of ourselves as rich and still spend on ourselves, because we're not rich. \
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u8259 
\f2 	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	01	}Scripture\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1680\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\slleading24\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u8259 
\f2 	}1 Tim 6:6-10\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u8259 
\f2 	}Hebrews 13:5 - Keep your life free from the love of money\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u8259 
\f2 	}Luke 12:13-21\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u8259 
\f2 	}Proverbs 11:24,28\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Eccl 5:10-13\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}1 Corinthians 5:11\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}1 Tim 6:17-19\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}1 Cor 6:9-11\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}2 Cor 9:7 - each should give what you have decided (KEY verse)\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Proverbs 22:9 - generous will be blessed\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
New Rules:\
If you obsess over it give it away\
Start with God then with you\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Greed. This is the most deceptive one of them all. It is the one our hearts resist to admit the most. It is easy to admit gluttony or pride or lust. These can be easily seen the mirror of scripture but greed become camouflaged many different excuses including 'need'. behind But to admit we are greedy is to admit we must change where we put our trust and hope in. \
\
Illustration of me spending money I was going to get 1500 different ways before I even got it. I was obsessed with what I could do with it. It was fun to fantisize about what if's. Most of us have had an experience like that. Maybe for you it's around tax return season or year end bonus season. It's easy to allow our minds to wander into greed accidently. \
}