{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\creatim\yr2014\mo1\dy25\hr16\min2\sec0\timesinceref412380120}
{\revtim\yr2014\mo1\dy26\hr12\min57\sec0\timesinceref412455420}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 3 Questions we are answering today:\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Question 1 \'96 Where are we meeting?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 13\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub From Paphos,\'a0Paul and his companions sailed to Perga in Pamphylia,\'a0where John\'a0left them to return to Jerusalem.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 14\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub From Perga they went on to Pisidian Antioch.\'a0On the Sabbath\'a0they entered the synagogue\'a0and sat down.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 15\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub After the reading from the Law\'a0and the Prophets, the leaders of the synagogue sent word to them, saying, \'93Brothers, if you have a word of exhortation for the people, please speak.\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 16\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Standing up, Paul motioned with his hand\'a0and said: \'93Fellow Israelites and you Gentiles who worship God, listen to me!\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 17\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The God of the people of Israel chose our ancestors; he made the people prosper during their stay in Egypt; with mighty power he led them out of that country;\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 18\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub for about forty years he endured their conduct
\f2\b\fs16 \super [a]
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0in the wilderness;\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 19\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub and he overthrew seven nations in Canaan,\'a0giving their land to his people\'a0as their inheritance.
\f2\b\fs18 \super 20\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub All this took about 450 years.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Acts 13\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 So Paul address his Jewish audience with a word from the Bible \'96 he addresses their history and past and all that they know together!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 16\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Now while Paul was waiting for them at\'a0Athens, his spirit was being provoked within him as he was observing the city full of idols.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 17\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub So he was reasoning\'a0in the synagogue with the Jews and\'a0the God-fearing\'a0
\f6\i Gentiles
\f5\i0 , and in the market place every day with those who happened to be present.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 18\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And also some of the Epicurean and Stoic philosophers were\'a0conversing with him. Some were saying, \'93What would\'a0this\'a0idle babbler wish to say?\'94 Others, \'93He seems to be a proclaimer of strange deities,\'94\'97because he was preaching\'a0Jesus and the resurrection.\
\

\f4\b\fs18 \super 19\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And they\'a0took him and brought him to the\'a0Areopagus, saying, \'93May we know what\'a0this new teaching is which you are proclaiming?\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 20\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub For you are bringing some strange things to our ears; so we want to know what these things mean.\'94\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 21\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub (Now all the Athenians and the strangers\'a0visiting there used to spend their time in nothing other than telling or hearing something new.)\
\

\f4\b\fs18 \super 22\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub So Paul stood in the midst of the\'a0
\f4\b\fs16 \super [\ul s\ulnone ]
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Areopagus and said, \'93Men of\'a0Athens, I observe that you are very\'a0religious in all respects.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 23\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub For while I was passing through and examining the\'a0objects of your worship, I also found an altar with this inscription, \'91TO AN UNKNOWN GOD.\'92 Therefore what\'a0you worship in ignorance, this I proclaim to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 24\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93The God who made the world and everything in it\'a0is the Lord of heaven and earth\'a0and does not live in temples built by human hands.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 25\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And he is not served by human hands, as if he needed anything. Rather, he himself gives everyone life and breath and everything else.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Acts 17\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 A few questions:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Did he quote the Bible as he started?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Did he refer back to a shared history they had together?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Did he tell them they had to go to a proper synagogue to hear the Gospel correctly?\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
How many messages does Paul have?  1\
How many methods does he have? 2 so far\
\
Point #1 \'96 The 
\f0\b Method
\f1\b0  follows the 
\f0\b Message
\f1\b0 .  \
\
\
What does this mean? \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We have a different sort of name don\'92t we?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We are currently meeting in a restaurant\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}But our message is the same wherever we go \'96 It\'92s proclaiming Jesus died and Rose again so we might have life and life to the fullest!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}But what that means for us is this\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}OUR METHOD has to be different for it be effective!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Could Paul have gone to the Gentiles and told them about the history of the Jews?  Sure\'85would it have helped\'85NOPE and it might have hurt!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Paul has a theory\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He will do things no one else is doing to reach people no one else is reaching!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}For us this looks like this\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Our sermons will be different and we may not start all of them with the Bible verse and an assumption people know what we are talking about\'85.if our goal was to reach Christians this would be brilliant but it isn\'92t!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We will be meeting in Ralphies Fun center starting next week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Transition:  \
\
\
Question 2:  When are we launching the church and what does that even mean?\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Readiness follows Timing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f5 \cf2 When the day of Pentecost\'a0came, they were all together\'a0in one place.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 2\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 3\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub They saw what seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 4\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub All of them were filled with the Holy Spiritand began to speak in other tongues
\f4\b\fs16 \super [a]
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0as the Spirit enabled them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 40\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub With many other words he warned them; and he pleaded with them, \'93Save yourselves from this corrupt generation.\'94\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 41\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Those who accepted his message were baptized, and about three thousand were added to their number\'a0that day.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Acts 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What this means for us:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Easter Launch\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
Essentially Peter stood up and told them all they killed Jesus and were wrong\'85and it worked.  It\'92s the most non-seeker sensitive thing you can do but it worked\'85why?  \
\
\
Transition \'96 so what isn\'92t ready?  I don\'92t\'92 think the town is yet. \
\
\
Question 3:  What do we do in the mean time?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 12\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then the apostles returned to Jerusalem\'a0from the hill called the Mount of Olives,\'a0a Sabbath day\'92s walk
\f4\b\fs16 \super [c]
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0from the city.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 13\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub When they arrived, they went upstairs to the room\'a0where they were staying. Those present were Peter, John, James and Andrew; Philip and Thomas, Bartholomew and Matthew; James son of Alphaeus and Simon the Zealot, and Judas son of James.\'a0
\f4\b\fs18 \super 14\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub They all joined together constantly in prayer,\'a0along with the womenand Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brothers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Acts 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Process follow Prayer\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
YOU\
\
\
WE\
\
\
\
\
\
Back page is for prayer requests given at the DNA meeting:\
\
Leave some blanks for their own prayer requests\
}