{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c0;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2014\mo5\dy1\hr19\min47\sec0\timesinceref420684420}
{\revtim\yr2014\mo5\dy4\hr12\min52\sec0\timesinceref420918720}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Relationship Rehab\

\fs28 Week 3 \'96 Storms of Life\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 ME\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Share the best marriage advice you ever got whether you took it or not.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Illustration of people who seem to have the perfect marriage and fail and those who you just look at think\'85I don\'92t get it and they thrive.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Transition:  The world is broken and here is what we think happened\'85and if you\'92re not a Christian or if you\'92re someone here who is an atheist, that is great, we\'92re glad you\'92re here, you\'92re going to get an insight into why we believe and maybe the way we do.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 WE\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Gen 1 \'96 everything is good and the relationships are good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Gen 3 \'96 The fall happens and the first fight happens\'85and then there is the first make up time\'85if you want to find out how you should make up in marriage read Gen 4:1\'85just saying.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Transition:  Ever since that day there have been storms in our lives because of the fall.  In fact Jesus gives us some insight into this situation a little more.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf4 \super 24\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Therefore everyone who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice\'a0is like a wise man who built his house on the rock.\'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \super 25\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house; yet it did not fall, because it had its foundation on the rock.\'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \super 26\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub But everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practice is like a foolish man who built his house on sand.\'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \super 27\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell with a great crash.\'94  Matthew 7\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Transition:  I believe there is one key component of every marriage that will propel it to the level it needs to be at to survive the storms of life.  How do you handle conflict?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Forgive\
\
\
GO\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The woman who is caught in adultery \'96 go and sin no more\'85he doesn\'92t condemn her\'85this is the Gospel.  The law says kill her\'85Jesus says \'91GO\'92.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 9\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub At this, those who heard began to go away one at a time, the older ones first, until only Jesus was left, with the woman still standing there.
\f1\i0 \'a0
\f2\i\b\fs18 \super 10\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Jesus straightened up and asked her, \'93Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you?\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 11\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93No one, sir,\'94 she said.\
\'93Then neither do I condemn you,\'94
\f1\i0 \'a0
\f3\i Jesus declared. \'93Go now and leave your life of sin.\'94  John 8\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}One of the things the enemy loves to tell us is you\'92ll never get past it\'85you\'92ll never be able to move forward\'85you\'92ll always be like this and what I want you to hear this morning is the charge from God himself that says \'91GO\'92\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The world is great at baiting us and then slamming us when we fail\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Proverb about the righteous falls seven times but get up\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thomas Edison quote about 10,000 ways to not do something\'85\
The call of the Christian life is to change your perspective not our situation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Transition:  But there is a push back that says well what about accountability\'85what about judgment\'85if you allow that then you will just get walked all over and be a push over.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs30 \cf4 15\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \cf4 We who are strong ought to bear with the failings of the weak\'a0and not to please ourselves.
\f4\b\fs18 \super 2\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Each of us should please our neighbors for their good,\'a0to build them up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 5\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you the same attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had,\'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \super 6\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub so that with one mind and one voice you may glorify the God and Father\'a0of our Lord Jesus Christ.\

\f0\b\fs18 \super 7\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Accept one another,\'a0then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to bring praise to God.\'a0  Romans 15\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 There is a great deal of restoration with Jesus in the midst of a marriage.\
\
\'93The opposite of biblical love isn\'92t hate, it\'92s apathy.\'94\
\
Failure means it is done and over with\'85sinning means you missed the mark. \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Change your perspective, not your circumstances\
\
Falls are inevitable, failure is a choice\
\
Fight for your marriage not with each other\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Illustration of a dropping the phone and breaking it because it\'92s already dropped.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You hurt me\'85I\'92ll hurt you\'85never understanding your marriage is an external thing to you and your spouse\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You cheated on me, I\'92ll cheat on you\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You yelled at me and hurt me, I\'92ll yell back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rebuke \
If you are fighting for your marriage you don\'92t do this but if you are fighting with the other person then you\'92ll break the whole thing to win the fight.\
\
\
 \
}