{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red247\green150\blue70;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c0;\csgenericrgb\c96863\c58824\c27451;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo7\dy24\hr2\min2\sec0\timesinceref491036520}
{\revtim\yr2016\mo7\dy24\hr12\min56\sec0\timesinceref491075760}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 REVIEW:\
\
Mission \'96 We exist to make it easy for everyone to find and follow Jesus  (graphic)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf2 Transition:  But a great mission if you can\'92t explain HOW you\'92re going to do it isn\'92t helpful.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 So today is about explain how we as a church are going to live life on mission and hopefully, how you personally can live life on mission too!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 We will sacrifice the things we love for those we love\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs18 \cf4 \super 19\'a0
\f4\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Though I am free\'a0and belong to no one, I have made myself a slave to everyone, to win as many as possible.\'a0\
\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 20\'a0
\f4\b0\fs24 \nosupersub To the Jews I became like a Jew, to win the Jews. To those under the law I became like one under the law (though I myself am not under the law),\'a0so as to win those under the law.\'a0\
\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 21\'a0
\f4\b0\fs24 \nosupersub To those not having the law I became like one not having the law\'a0(though I am not free from God\'92s law but am under Christ\'92s law),\'a0so as to win those not having the law.\'a0\
\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 22\'a0
\f4\b0\fs24 \nosupersub To the weak I became weak, to win the weak.\'a0I have become all things to all people\'a0so that by all possible means I might save some.\'a0\
\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 23\'a0
\f4\b0\fs24 \nosupersub I do all this for the sake of the gospel, that I may share in its blessings.  1 Cor 9\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 YOU\
\
Sacrifice your preferences in the service\
Sacrifice your money\
Sacrifice your time \'96 Nursery and P&D\
Sacrifice your ego\
Sacrifice your seat\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf0 Personal:\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs18 \cf5 \super 33\'a0
\f4\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Whoever tries to keep their life will lose it, and whoever loses their life will preserve it.  Luke 17:33\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 What is it in your personal world you need to sacrifice for those you love?\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Communion \'96 Jesus cared about the little thing \'96 \
}