{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green186\blue99;\red192\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c72941\c38824;\csgenericrgb\c75294\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo9\dy9\hr15\min26\sec0\timesinceref495145560}
{\revtim\yr2016\mo9\dy10\hr17\min28\sec0\timesinceref495239280}}\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf0 Unqualified\
Week 6 - It\'92s a process\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 INTRO\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs21 \cf0 What if God isn\'92t interested in your perfection as much as you pursuing Him?\
What if salvation is something more than fire insurance?\
What if this collection of books is more than just a collection of stories we should read and apply simple moralistic ideals to our lives in the hopes that we will achieve what we want in life?\
What if being saved isn\'92t\'92 just an event that happens to us?\
What if you get saved and you remain the same?\
What if you come forward and it doesn\'92t take? Or you don\'92t feel any different? Or even worse what if you did it wrong?\
What if give your life to Christ and nothing changes?  You\'92re still addicted, you\'92re struggling\'85He didn\'92t fix it like you were told.\
What if you\'92re struggling in your faith with the wrong things?\
What if doubt is the very thing needed to have faith and what if faith and doubt go together?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Transition: \'a0Today we\'92re wrapping up our series Unqualified and so far we\'92ve said this\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 WE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs21 \cf0 Recap series up to this point\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}God has taken a broken man who pretended to be someone else to get what he wanted and what we\'92ve said so far is this:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}God can\'92t bless who you pretend to be.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}God is in love with who I am this day, not who I\'92ll be some day\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Many times in life we miss what is possible because we only see what is mis_ing.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We need to have the right conversation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Transition: Today I want to wrap it up with something that took me a while to understand when I started studying for this series\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 GOD\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs18 \cf3 \super 26\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then the man said, \'93Let me go, for it is daybreak.\'94\
\
But Jacob replied, \'93I will not let you go unless you bless me.\'94\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 27\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The man asked him, \'93What is your name?\'94\
\'93Jacob,\'94\'a0he answered.\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 28\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then the man said, \'93Your name\'a0will no longer be Jacob, but Israel,
\fs15 \super [f]
\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0because you have struggled with God and with humans and have overcome.\'94\
\

\f3\b\fs18 \super 29\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Jacob said, \'93Please tell me your name.\'94  Gen 32\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Wait\'85Jacob\'85No God just changed his name\'85He\'92s someone different\'85he\'92s a new person\'85he\'92s not Jacob anymore\'85he\'92s Israel.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}But as you read it rarely if ever refers to him as Israel\'85until 3 chapters later it says this\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf3 \super 9\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub After Jacob returned from Paddan Aram,
\fs15 \super [c]
\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0God appeared to him again and blessed him.\'a0
\f3\b\fs18 \super 10\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub God said to him, \'93Your name is Jacob,
\fs15 \super [d]
\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0but you will no longer be called Jacob; your name will be Israel.
\fs15 \super [e]
\fs24 \nosupersub \'94\'a0So he named him Israel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Awesome\'85ok so there was a misunderstanding\'85now everyone will start to call him Israel\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf3 \super 14\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Jacob set up a stone pillar\'a0at the place where God had talked with him, and he poured out a drink offering\'a0on it; he also poured oil on it.\'a0  Gen 35\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f4 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In fact this is how it records the last part of his life\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf3 \super 33\'a0
\f5\b0\fs24 \nosupersub When Jacob had finished giving instructions to his sons, he drew his feet up into the bed, breathed his last and was gathered to his people.  Gen 49\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\fs21 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This drove me crazy forever\'85what is the author trying to do here.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is happening.  One moment he is Jacob and the next he is Israel. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}One moment he is the man who wrestled with God and won\'85and the next he is deceiver.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I spent literally months thinking about this processing this bugged over and over about why it was written this way until it hit me\'85it\'92s a process!  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What is being communicated is we think salvation is a moment\'85but it isn\'92t\'85it\'92s a process.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}That one day he was Jacob and then the next he was Israel\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He has seasons where he was wrestling with God and growing in his faith and he had seasons where he wasn\'92t.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It wasn\'92t a quick fix but it was the start of something unique in his life where God was redefining who he was and how others saw him.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Transition:  This has HUGE implications for our walk with God.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 YOU\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 WE\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}