{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green112\blue192;\red192\green0\blue0;
\red112\green173\blue71;\red112\green48\blue160;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c43922\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c75294\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c43922\c67843\c27843;\csgenericrgb\c43922\c18824\c62745;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo11\dy29\hr16\min39\sec0\timesinceref502151940}
{\revtim\yr2016\mo12\dy4\hr13\min44\sec0\timesinceref502573440}}\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Let Hope In\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Week 1 \'96 Difference Maker\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 ME\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs27 \cf3 The school system in a large city had a program to help children keep up with their school work during stays in the city's hospitals. One day a teacher who was assigned to the program received a routine call asking her to visit a particular child. She took the child's name and room number and talked briefly with the child's regular class teacher. "We're studying nouns and adverbs in his class now," the regular teacher said, "and I'd be grateful if you could help him understand them so he doesn't fall too far behind."\
The hospital program teacher went to see the boy that afternoon. No one had mentioned to her that the boy had been badly burned and was in great pain. Upset at the sight of the boy, she stammered as she told him, "I've been sent by your school to help you with nouns and adverbs." When she left she felt she hadn't accomplished much.\
But the next day, a nurse asked her, "What did you do to that boy?" The teacher felt she must have done something wrong and began to apologize. "No, no," said the nurse. "You don't know what I mean. We've been worried about that little boy, but ever since yesterday, his whole attitude has changed. He's fighting back, responding to treatment. It's as though he's decided to live."\
Two weeks later the boy explained that he had completely given up hope until the teacher arrived. Everything changed when he came to a simple realization. He expressed it this way: "They wouldn't send a teacher to work on nouns and adverbs with a dying boy, would they?"\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b\fs36 WE\
\
\
\
GOD\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs18 \cf4 \super 4\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Now he had to go through Samaria.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 5\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub So he came to a town in Samaria called Sychar, near the plot of ground Jacob had given to his son Joseph.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 6\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Jacob\'92s well was there, and Jesus, tired as he was from the journey, sat down by the well. It was about noon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 7\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub When a Samaritan woman came to draw water, \
\
Jesus said to her,\'a0\'93Will you give me a drink?\'94\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 8\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub (His disciples had gone into the town\'a0to buy food.)\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 9\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The Samaritan woman said to him, \'93You are a Jew and I am a Samaritan\'a0woman. How can you ask me for a drink?\'94 (For Jews do not associate with Samaritans.
\fs15 \super [\ul a\ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub )\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Jesus Broke Barriers\'85\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He broke man made rules \'96 Jews don\'92t talk to Samaritans, and men don\'92t talk to women, and good people definitely don\'92t talk to bad people.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He went to where people were \'96 the church has messed this up for far too long\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He didn\'92t care what other people think\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 10\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Jesus answered her,\'a0\'93If you knew the gift of God and who it is that asks you for a drink, you would have asked him and he would have given you living water.\'94\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Can we be honest and just admit that this is a little odd.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He asks her for a drink then tells her she\'92s doing it wrong.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 11\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Sir,\'94 the woman said, \'93you have nothing to draw with and the well is deep. Where can you get this living water?\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 12\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Are you greater than our father Jacob, who gave us the well\'a0and drank from it himself, as did also his sons and his livestock?\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 13\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Jesus answered,\'a0\'93Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again,\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 14\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub but whoever drinks the water I give them will never thirst.\'a0Indeed, the water I give them will become in them a spring of water\'a0welling up to eternal life.\'94\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This seems like another odd thing to say but he is getting to some of her deep seated insecurities he struggles with.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Because every day she has to get up and decide when she\'92s going to get water.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Every day she gets up and decides if she is going to deal with her past\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 15\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The woman said to him, \'93Sir, give me this water so that I won\'92t get thirsty\'a0and have to keep coming here to draw water.\'94\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I am done with this feeling I have\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I am done and want to move on with my life\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I don\'92t want to see those people ever again\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Help me get past this situation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf5 Transition:  And then Jesus does something that seems so incredibly rude and offensive\'85it\'92s a good thing he doesn\'92t care about what others think huh?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs18 \cf4 \super 16\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub He told her,\'a0\'93Go, call your husband and come back.\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 17\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93I have no husband,\'94 she replied.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I\'92m single\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Jesus said to her,\'a0\'93You are right when you say you have no husband.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 18\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The fact is, you have had five husbands, and the man you now have is not your husband. What you have just said is quite true.\'94\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Jesus just called her out in her sin\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Now a few things you need to know to get a really good picture of why she would have shame.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Women weren\'92t allowed to get a divorce\'85it\'92s not like now.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}So what does that mean?  She was married, and left\'85and married and then left\'85and married and then left\'85and married and then left\'85and married and then left\'85over and over.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And what is communicated is you have very little value to anyone.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And so she find herself in this situation where she never wanted to be when she was growing up but there she is\'85living with a guy, hoping he won\'92t be like the others, avoiding other women because of her shame, and now Jesus is calling her out on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf6 \'93\'85your past is not your past if it\'92s still impacting your present\'94\'a0 Pete Wilson\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs24 \cf5 Transition:  Then they have a conversation about worship that leads to this\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs18 \cf4 \super 25\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The woman said, \'93I know that Messiah\'94 (called Christ)\'a0\'93is coming. When he comes, he will explain everything to us.\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 26\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then Jesus declared,\'a0\'93I, the one speaking to you\'97I am he.\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 28\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then, leaving her water jar, the woman went back to the town and said to the people,\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 29\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Come, see a man who told me everything I ever did.\'a0Could this be the Messiah?\'94\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 30\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub They came out of the town and made their way toward him.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Here is the crazy part\'85she thought this day was like any other day going to the well.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What she found was that her life could have a bigger meaning, a bigger impact, and God wasn\'92t done with her.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Her past was her past but it didn\'92t dictate her future.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Today is a day you can have an encounter with God and allow Him, not you\'85you\'92ve been trying for years and failed\'85allow HIM to change you!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You can be a difference maker\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 YOU\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Let Hope In\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Conclusion:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 Illustration of the Police pulling people over and how it relates to how we see God when we think we are trouble\'85all God wants to do is give us the gift of His son.  You can be a difference maker but you have to accept His gift and deal with your past.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
}