{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1103\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid12}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo5\dy19\hr11\min4\sec0\timesinceref485366640}
{\revtim\yr2016\mo5\dy21\hr0\min50\sec0\timesinceref485502600}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ruth \
Week 4 \'96 Shrewdness\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 4\'a0
\f2\b0\fs24 Boaz went to the town gate and took a seat there. Just then the family redeemer he had mentioned came by,\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Again, as we wrap up this series the author is still pointing out God is working things out\'85Just then, lucky Boaz, doesn\'92t even need to go find him.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}God\'92s redemption in our time can be huge!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 so Boaz called out to him, \'93Come over here and sit down, friend. I want to talk to you.\'94 So they sat down together.\'a0
\f1\b\fs18 \super 2\'a0
\f2\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then Boaz called ten leaders from the town and asked them to sit as witnesses.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz is taking charge \'96 tells lazy guy \'96 you sit here.  Tells elders \'96 you sit here\'85we have business to do.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz didn\'92t wait for people to show up, he went after it.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Ladies let me say that if a guy is truly interested in you he will make it work out and do whatever it takes to get to a place he can marry you.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In every great love story there is an obstacle to overcome but IF\'85and I mean IF\'85he truly loves you he will make it work.  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Obstacles are a way you can tell whether he is a boy or man.  Boys make excuses, man fix problems.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 3\'a0
\f2\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And Boaz said to the family redeemer, \'93You know Naomi, who came back from Moab. She is selling the land that belonged to our relative Elimelech.\'a0
\f1\b\fs18 \super 4\'a0
\f2\b0\fs24 \nosupersub I thought I should speak to you about it so that you can redeem it if you wish. If you want the land, then buy it here in the presence of these witnesses.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Hold up, does Boaz want to marry Ruth?  YES!  Then why does it seem like he is encouraging this guy to redeem the land and her?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He is SHREWD!  Watch what he does\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 But if you don\'92t want it, let me know right away, because I am next in line to redeem it after you.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Right away\'85we\'92re going to settle this today\'85let\'92s go\'85make a decision. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Essentially the guy who is a doer is going to push the guy who is a procrastinator into a making a decision on the spot.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Now watch this\'85this is brilliant!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 The man replied, \'93All right, I\'92ll redeem it.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Oh, hold up this is a problem now\'85but I believe Boaz figured he would say this.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz has thought through the conversation I\'92m assuming because as we\'92re going to see here in a second he is ready for some fine print details.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Some people are going to describe what Boaz is doing as manipulation\'85maybe\'85but it is shrewd more than anything\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 5\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then Boaz told him, \'93Of course, your purchase of the land from Naomi also requires that you marry Ruth, the Moabite widow. That way she can have children who will carry on her husband\'92s name and keep the land in the family.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Hey, there is some fine print material you need to read over now.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You get an extra wife who is a foreigner, not a virgin, maybe barren, and as an extra bonus gift, a bitter old mother-in-law too!  YEAH!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Please sign here!!! \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This is very much like the commercials you watch on TV where they promise to get rid of you medical problem with a simple pill only to find out that the side effects are worse than your condition.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Please take our aspirin for you headache\'85side effect include headaches (there some irony for you), vomiting, stomach pains, and scales to form on your feet at night.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 6\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Then I can\'92t redeem it,\'94 the family redeemer replied, \'93because this might endanger my own estate. You redeem the land; I cannot do it.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He says no way, I already have a wife and I\'92m not sure how I would explain bringing home another woman\'85Hard Pass on my end\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 9\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then Boaz said to the elders and to the crowd standing around, \'93You are witnesses that today I have bought from Naomi all the property of Elimelech, Kilion, and Mahlon.\'a0
\f3\b\fs18 \super 10\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And with the land I have acquired Ruth, the Moabite widow of Mahlon, to be my wife. This way she can have a son to carry on the family name of her dead husband and to inherit the family property here in his hometown. You are all witnesses today.\'94\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz redeems Ruth\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It is beautiful!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}His intentions are clear and in the end he realizes it is his role to provide for someone else\'92s name support\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs18 \cf3 \super 11\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then the elders and all the people standing in the gate replied, \'93We are witnesses! May the\'a0Lord\'a0make this woman who is coming into your home like Rachel and Leah, from whom all the nation of Israel descended! May you prosper in Ephrathah and be famous in Bethlehem.\'a0
\f3\b\fs18 \super 12\'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And may the\'a0Lord\'a0give you descendants by this young woman who will be like those of our ancestor Perez, the son of Tamar and Judah.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And, in fact, that is exactly what happened!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The woman who didn\'92t have any kids gets pregnant and her lineage is in line of Jesus\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}She is redeemed in the end by a man who loves her like a man, not a boy\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf4 Transition: In a story like I think it is easy to miss the point of this section which is Boaz was shrewd\'85\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz did some stuff that on the surface doesn\'92t seem very honest but if as Christians we can\'92t determine the difference between being honest and shrewd we\'92ll miss out on many things God has for us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs18 \cf2 \super 16\'a0
\f2\b0\fs24 \nosupersub \'93Look, I am sending you out as sheep among wolves. So be as shrewd as snakes and harmless as doves.\'a0  Matthew 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The problem is we have many Christians who are really good with the whole innocent as a Dove thing and terrible with the Shrewd as a Serpent thing.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We have doves all over churches but could imagine if as a church we started putting snakes on our signs\'85people would walk by and think\'85I KNEW IT!  They\'92re not really Christians\'85who has church in a bowling alley!\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5 \cf5 Definition:  having or showing sharp powers of judgment; astute.\
\uc0\u8232 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf4 Transition:  The point is though we have to be Shrewd\'85we\'92re called to be shrewd\'85let me go further and say if you are not shrewd then you are being disobedient to God.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 X Ways Boaz was shrewd\
	\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz knew what was going on in and around him\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}When Ruth comes up to him the first time he knew all about her and what she was about.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The other didn\'92t have a clue what was going on.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}He wasn\'92t even aware of the situation, someone else had to call up to tell him what was happening\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You need to know what is going and do your research\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Politics\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Read the news\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Know what is going on\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}When everyone else saw a problem, Boaz saw an opportunity\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}What opportunity are you missing in front of your because your not educated enough?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz knew what he wanted and fought for it\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Boaz wasn\'92t an open book\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Difference between God ordained and God orchestrated  \
\
\
\
Guardian Redeemer isn\'92t even named\'85don\'92t worry about it because it doesn\'92t matter.  The people who are not going to help you accomplish your future are irrelevant\'85I spent all week trying to figure out this dudes name\'85why didn\'92t they mention his name\'85because he didn\'92t matter.  He\'92s irrelevant.  And sometime I feel like we keep waiting for SO and SO to come around all the while we have a Boaz in our midst.  Go with the one who is with you!  Quit waiting for the one who you think you need!\
\
Quit spending time on people and things that don\'92t matter.  Quit spending time on facebook stories that don\'92t matter.  Quit spending time on people who are going to let you down.\
\
I spent more time this week on So and So than I did on Boaz.\
}