{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green143\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red179\green75\blue44;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c56078\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c70196\c29412\c17255;
}
{\info
{\author Nic Smith}
{\operator Nic Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo4\dy21\hr23\min15\sec0\timesinceref482991300}
{\revtim\yr2016\mo4\dy22\hr0\min11\sec0\timesinceref482994660}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Ruth\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Week 1 - Who are you?\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 ME\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 Transition: \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 WE\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 Transition: \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 GOD\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 Now it came about in the days\'a0when the judges\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 a\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub governed, that there was\'a0a famine in the land. And a certain man\'a0of Bethlehem in Judah went to sojourn in the land of Moab\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 b\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub with his wife and his two sons.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 2\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The name of the man\'a0
\f3\i was 
\f1\i0 Elimelech, and the name of his wife, Naomi; and the names of his two sons\'a0
\f3\i were 
\f1\i0 Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehem in Judah. Now they\'a0entered the land of Moab and remained there.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 3\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then Elimelech, Naomi\'92s husband, died; and she was left with her two sons.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 4\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub They took for themselves Moabite women\'a0
\f3\i as
\f1\i0 \'a0wives; the name of the one was Orpah and the name of the other Ruth. And they lived there about ten years.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 5\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 c\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub both Mahlon and Chilion also died, and the woman was bereft of her two children and her husband.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf3 \super 6\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then she arose with her daughters-in-law that she might return from the land of Moab, for she had heard in the land of Moab that the\'a0Lord\'a0had\'a0visited His people in\'a0giving them food.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 7\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub So she departed from the place where she was, and her two daughters-in-law with her; and they went on the way to return to the land of Judah.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 8\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And Naomi said to her two daughters-in-law, \'93Go, return each of you to her mother\'92s house.\'a0May the\'a0Lord\'a0deal kindly with you as you have dealt with the dead and with me.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 9\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub May the\'a0Lord\'a0grant that you may find rest, each in the house of her husband.\'94 Then she kissed them, and they lifted up their voices and wept.
\f2\b\fs18 \super 10\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And they said to her, \'93
\f3\i No
\f1\i0 , but we will surely return with you to your people.\'94
\f2\b\fs18 \super 11\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub But Naomi said, \'93Return, my daughters. Why should you go with me? Have I yet sons in my womb, that\'a0they may be your husbands?\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 12\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Return, my daughters! Go, for I am too old to have a husband. If I said I have hope, if I should even have a husband tonight and also bear sons,\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 13\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub would you therefore wait until they were grown? Would you therefore refrain from marrying? No, my daughters; for it is
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 d\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub harder for me than for you, for\'a0the hand of the\'a0Lord\'a0has gone forth against me.\'94\
\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 14\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And they lifted up their voices and wept again; and Orpah kissed her mother-in-law, but Ruth clung to her.\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 15\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Then she said, \'93Behold, your sister-in-law has gone back to her people and her gods; return after your sister-in-law.\'94\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 16\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub But Ruth said, \'93Do not urge me to leave you\'a0
\f3\i or
\f1\i0 \'a0turn back from following you; for where you go, I will go, and where you lodge, I will lodge. Your people\'a0
\f3\i shall be
\f1\i0 \'a0my people, and your God, my God.
\f2\b\fs18 \super 17\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. Thus may\'a0the\'a0Lord\'a0do to me, and worse, if\'a0
\f3\i anything but
\f1\i0 \'a0death parts you and me.\'94\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 18\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub When\'a0she saw that she was determined to go with her, she\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 e\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub said no more to her.\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 19\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub So they both went until they came to Bethlehem. And when they had come to Bethlehem,\'a0all the city was stirred because of them, and\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 f\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub the women said, \'93Is this Naomi?\'94\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 20\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub She said to them, \'93Do not call me\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 g\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub Naomi; call me\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 h\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub Mara, for\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 i\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub the Almighty has dealt very bitterly with me.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 21\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub I went out full, but\'a0the\'a0Lord\'a0has brought me back empty. Why do you call me Naomi, since the\'a0Lord\'a0has witnessed against me and\'a0
\fs15 \super [\cf4 \ul \ulc4 j\cf3 \ulnone ]
\fs24 \nosupersub the Almighty has afflicted me?\'94\

\f2\b\fs18 \super 22\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub So Naomi returned, and with her Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter-in-law, who returned from the land of Moab. And they came to Bethlehem at\'a0the beginning of barley harvest.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs27 \cf2 Transition: \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 YOU\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 Transition: \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 WE\
\
}