{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red29\green33\blue41;\red54\green88\blue153;
\red0\green112\blue192;\red0\green143\blue0;\red192\green0\blue0;\red0\green158\blue0;\red19\green19\blue19;
\red237\green125\blue49;\red179\green75\blue44;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c11373\c12941\c16078;\csgenericrgb\c21176\c34510\c60000;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c43922\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c0\c56078\c0;\csgenericrgb\c75294\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c61961\c0;\csgenericrgb\c7451\c7451\c7451;
\csgenericrgb\c92941\c49020\c19216;\csgenericrgb\c70196\c29412\c17255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
{\info
{\author Nicolas Smith}
{\operator Nicolas Smith}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo2\dy16\hr15\min56\sec0\timesinceref508974960}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo2\dy19\hr20\min54\sec0\timesinceref509252040}}\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 BOLD\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Week 2 - 2nd Level Prayers\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 ME\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs21 \cf3 I had the opportunity to bless someone today. Our church handed out money Sunday and asked us to bless someone in Glasgow. I had 100$ plus Jeff's 5$ and we decided to go to EPB . I asked them to let us bless someone who is struggling to pay their electric. She precedes to tell me of a woman who has cancer and walks everywhere and is just an amazing woman who could use a blessing. It broke my heart and asked her to please let me pay on her account and let her know that we are thinking of her.\'a0\cf4 #boldforglasgow\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Pastor\'a0\cf4 Nic Smith\cf0 \'a0they were listening. Was grabbing gas and two of them fought on who was paying for the hot girls gas. Now of course I laughed and said how about the older gentlemen and her. The looks I got... they passed on their good fortune.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs16 \cf0 Top of Form\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bottom of Form\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf5 Illustration of stories from this past week about blessing other people\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Someone asked me \'96 didn\'92t you just give away thousands of dollars during your Let Hope In initiative?  YES!  \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf6 Transition: \'a0This past Sunday we all started a journey together\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 WE\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We said there are two levels to this journey \'96 one is personal and one is communal.  Last week was step 1 \'96 to admit that everything you have isn\'92t yours but is God.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The reason we don\'92t want to admit that God owns all our stuff\'85our whole life is because the moment we do that we are afraid He will ask us to do or give up something we hold dear.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The reason many people don\'92t move beyond what they think they can do into what God has called them to do is because of fear, anxiety, panic.  \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Last week we talked about this and I talked about giving to our building initiative and for some\'85fear gripped you\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}But we also talked about how there are some things God wants to do in your life and again\'85the reason for many we never walk into our future God wants for us is fear.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Today I want to talk about how you go from fear to something about future\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'93When I pray coincidences happen, and when I don\'92t, they don\'92t\'94  William Temple\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf6 Transition:  Believe it or not God talks about this issue.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 GOD\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}There is a letter written by a guy named Paul to this church in Philippi \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}(setup the passage better)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And what he says is so potentially infuriating and insensitive to you\'85it\'92s ridiculous on some levels.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs18 \cf7 \super 4\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice!\'a0
\f5\b\fs18 \super 5\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Let your gentleness be evident to all. The Lord is near.\
\
\

\f5\b\fs18 \super 6\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Do not be anxious about 
\f6\i\b anything
\f1\i0\b0 ,\'a0but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God\
\
\
.
\f5\b\fs18 \super 7\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And the 
\f6\i\b peace
\f1\i0\b0  of God,\'a0which transcends all understanding,\'a0will 
\f6\i\b guard
\f1\i0\b0  your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf8 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 YOU\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs24 \cf9 \'93Bold prayers honor God, and God honors bold prayers. God isn\'92t offended by your biggest dreams or boldest prayers. He is offended by anything less. If your prayers aren\'92t impossible to you, they are insulting to God.\'94  Mark Betterson\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Use the prayer journals \'96 God has something big he wants you do in you and bless you.  \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This journal is all about half your journey \'96 the journey we\'92re all on together.  We don\'92t know your personal one so if you\'92re reading it thinking this seems one sided it is by design.  \cf10 (need to address the manipulation aspect)\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf6 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 WE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 PRAY BOLDLY!\
\
\
Address the people who think to themselves \'96 I\'92m not going to pledge\
Talk about prayer team fasting and praying and we have a team praying for you and this process\
\
$240,000 over 3 years\
\
\
What would you \
\
\
After these things the word of the\'a0Lord\'a0came to Abram in a vision:\'a0\'93Fear not, Abram, I am\'a0your shield; your reward shall be very great.\'94\'a0
\f5\b\fs18 \super 2\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub But Abram said, \'93O Lord\'a0God, what will you give me, for I continue
\fs15 \super [\cf11 a\cf2 ]
\fs24 \nosupersub \'a0childless, and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus?\'94\'a0
\f5\b\fs18 \super 3\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And Abram said, \'93Behold, you have given me no offspring, and\'a0a member of my household will be my heir.\'94\'a0
\f5\b\fs18 \super 4\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And behold, the word of the\'a0Lord\'a0came to him: \'93This man shall not be your heir;\'a0your very own son
\fs15 \super [\cf11 b\cf2 ]
\fs24 \nosupersub shall be your heir.\'94\'a0
\f5\b\fs18 \super 5\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And he brought him outside and said, \'93Look toward heaven, and\'a0number the stars, if you are able to number them.\'94 Then he said to him,\'a0\'93So shall your offspring be.\'94\'a0
\f5\b\fs18 \super 6\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \nosupersub And\'a0he believed the\'a0Lord, and\'a0he counted it to him as righteousness.\
\
}