{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green143\blue0;\red192\green0\blue0;
\red0\green158\blue0;\red237\green125\blue49;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c56078\c0;\csgenericrgb\c75294\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c61961\c0;\csgenericrgb\c92941\c49020\c19216;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Nicolas Smith}
{\operator Nicolas Smith}
{\*\company River Lake Church}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo10\dy4\hr23\min38\sec0\timesinceref528871080}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo10\dy8\hr1\min55\sec0\timesinceref529138500}}\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Clickbait\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Week 5 - They
\f1 \'92re talking about me\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 ME\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 Transition: \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 WE\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 GOD\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 28\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 Once safely on shore, we\'a0found out that the island\'a0was called Malta.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 2\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The islanders showed us unusual kindness. They built a fire and welcomed us all because it was raining and cold.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 3\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub Paul gathered a pile of brushwood and, as he put it on the fire, a viper, driven out by the heat, fastened itself on his hand.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 4\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub When the islanders saw the snake hanging from his hand,\'a0they said to each other, \'93This man must be a murderer; for though he escaped from the sea, the goddess Justice has not allowed him to live.\'94\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 5\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub But Paul shook the snake off into the fire and suffered no ill effects.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 6\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub The people expected him to swell up or suddenly fall dead; but after waiting a long time and seeing nothing unusual happen to him, they changed their minds and said he was a god.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa150\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Culture will swing on you in a heartbeat.  How many people in pop culture have been popular one day and then torn to pieces the next.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs18 \cf4 \super 7\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub There was an estate nearby that belonged to Publius, the chief official of the island. He welcomed us to his home and showed us generous hospitality for three days.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 8\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub His father was sick in bed, suffering from fever and dysentery. Paul went in to see him and, after prayer,\'a0placed his hands on him\'a0and healed him.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 9\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub When this had happened, the rest of the sick on the island came and were cured.\'a0
\f2\b\fs18 \super 10\'a0
\f3\b0\fs24 \nosupersub They honored us\'a0in many ways; and when we were ready to sail, they furnished us with the supplies we needed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 YOU\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 Transition:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 WE\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs24 \cf0 What is your Malta?  Where are you right now you never thought you would be?\
\
\
\
Application 
\f5 \'96
\f4  put your head down and shake it off 
\f5 \'96
\f4  the spirit of Taylor Switch needs to come upon you.  Play this in in the background maybe and talk about my love for TSwift Songs\
\
\
\
Paul\'92s ability to not allow the chatter and the snake deter him from what he was doing allowed God to elevate him in the eyes of others.  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f6\b \cf6 I
\f1 \'92
\f6 m NOT supposed to be here!  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The moment it sets in is the moment you start to lose the battle\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I
\f5 \'92
\f4 m not supposed to be doing this\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I
\f5 \'92
\f4 m not supposed to be dealing with this issue\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}My marriage isn
\f5 \'92
\f4 t supposed to be like this?\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Who told you that?\
}